---
title: Erik Meza and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-15'
time: '15:00:37'
duration_sec: 1562.87
duration_min: 26.0
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Erik Meza <erik@nlt-llc.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 6
# === STRATEGIC CLASSIFICATION (Transcript Classifier Agent v1.0) ===
call_type: discovery
deal_stage: discovery
customer_segment: fish
has_pain_points: false
has_objections: true
has_competitive_intel: false
has_use_case: true
has_pricing_discussion: true
has_integration_needs: true
primary_industry: other
transaction_volume: sub_threshold
ar_vs_ap: both
processed: false
dimensional_extracted: false
extraction_priority: high
---

Colton O'Farrell: There. But, yes, I absolutely have some time to chat. Wasn't sure. Were you able to see my previous email? You know what? I, I did not, to be honest. Not a problem. I was just really asking more about your request. So, I said I understand that you're inquiring about a discounted rate for high volume AP transactions. Was just curious if you could share some more, details about that. Absolutely. We're using our American Express credit card. I have two questions with that being in mind because we use it for our business, but I wanted to see if I can use one through a personal Amex. Is that possible? So you're you're wanting just to use your personal Amex card instead of the business Amex? We would use both, actually. Yeah. Yeah. That's complete yep. Of course. That's that's you're able to just add the your personal Amex to your account, and you'd be able to to use that one. As well. That'll that'll be perfect. Now the volume, it looks about maybe between five to 10 ACHs on a monthly basis, which would vary anywhere between fifty to one hundred thousand dollars, I think. Yep. So we we don't actually make any money on ACH. That's just a free service that we provide to all of our customers. In terms of the AP side for credit card transactions, what are you looking at in terms of, like, an annual spend there? So on the expenditure, it would be relatively when I was when I mentioned about the 50 to 100, I would say anywhere between 500,000 to maybe 800,000 annually. And that's for your accounts payable side? Accounts payable. Yes. Okay. So regarding what we are able to do when it comes to, credit card rate, typically, we're not able to lower that rate unless the the volume is there. And, generally, they're looking at at, like, minimum $2,000,000. And even with that, they do require the our customer to use us for accounts receivable as well. If you were just using us for accounts payable, they're generally looking at more of a 5 to $6,000,000, spend range. Unfortunately, we offer a really generous set of features, so lower rates for us are tough. And the only way we can do that is if we make up for it in terms of volume. And but, unfortunately, that 800,000, in credit card spend isn't really enough to hit that threshold where we're able to make, you know, money back from it because, again, we are providing quite a quite a set of generous features for free, for many of our customers. Do you have questions with that? Can I explain anything more in detail there for you? Million. What do I get if I do meet that threshold? Yeah. If you're looking at so on the accounts payable side, it's generally, $2,000,000, and then we we request that you use a you use us for accounts receivable as well or at least make a good faith effort to try it out, see how it works for you. I'm just I'm curious. I know you're just using us for accounts payable today. What does your accounts receivable look like? Well, all the customers, they pay ACH, every single one of them. So we typically give Are you offering any kind of option to pay via credit card? I it's very rare, to be honest with you. Very, very rare. So I I have this kind of nice tidbit that I like to share with our customers because a lot of times, you know, what you're saying is something I hear very frequently. A lot of customers don't think that their customers will wanna pay, via credit card because of some of the fees there. But, you know, there are things like they get credit card points. They get forty day float. There are business reasons for a lot of these customers to or your customers to, actually pay via credit card as well. Out of the 10,000 customers that we have that use us from accounts receivable, accounts payable, or both, about, 17% of all invoices are paid via credit card. So that's data that we just have from the massive the 10,000 customers we have. With Nickel, you do have like, they are automatically just allowed to either use ACH or the the credit card for the accounts receivable. And by default, a 100% of that credit card surcharge is gonna go to your customer. If you want to, like, split it with them on a, like, global level or just on an individual invoice for a particular customer or invoice, you're able to do that. But we do generally see about one out of five one out of every five invoices, is paid for via credit card on the accounts receivable side from our internal data. That's good to know. I mean, I could keep that in mind, but, we can just keep that option, you know, obviously, for the customers if they wanna pay that way. What is the well, if you are looking for a discounted rate, if there is significant volume on the accounts receivable side as well and you are willing to bring that over to Nickel and try that out, I know that's more where leadership is willing to, you know, discuss a rate for the accounts payable just because it doesn't really necessarily matter where we make the, the spend, but we just have to, re make that return on investment, essentially. K. K. Let me look into that. I mean, I can't make any promises on that because a lot like I said, a lot of the clients are there are a lot of Fortune 500 companies, and you know how they are with even half a percent. They they they don't even want that. So they actually look for discounts. They look for 2% discounts. So Have you been requesting that a lot? Yeah. All of them. Like, the largest ones, I mean, you you get the, the Amazons of the world, so they they are always looking for just payment term discounts so they can pay a little earlier. And it it makes it a little bit harder. For small companies, it's easy. That's very easy. Yeah. And that's it's predominantly what they're looking for because that's what we're looking for as well. So but for larger ones that we deal with, I mean, I'm not gonna say that we can't reach out to them, but I would say it's a long shot. I I would hate to lie to you and tell you yes. Yeah. You know, and this isn't even, necessarily about really reaching out to them. Are you, operating on QuickBooks Online today? We do. Yes. Yeah. So you have that integration with Nickel. So all of your, like, bills are pulled into Nickel, that's how you're, make, like, pay paying those essentially? You know what? I don't know. I'd have to talk to the office manager about that. I'm not too confident, but I could, I could double check on that. Yeah. I would definitely recommend because there's a lot of things that we can do, especially on the accounts receivable side that just makes it easy. You wouldn't even have to have these conversations with your customer. They would just receive an email or they would receive a text message that would have a secure payment link to that invoice. And, generally, we actually see customers prefer to use that over other methods of payment, like if they're mailing in a check or if they're paying you via, like, PayPal, Zelle, Venmo. You know, there's all kinds of different methods that, customers are getting paid. But with this, if you click that integration button, it's literally just a one click. You sign in to QuickBooks online. You click your company, chart of accounts. Everything gets brought over. I'll send you an e an email with kind of a a setup guide for that as well just so you can have that connected if it's not already. But once that's done, you're able just to go into the Nickel platform from the accounts receivable side, and you can send out those invoices either via email or via SMS to your customer. We also have an option for you to just toggle on an automation that's, within QuickBooks. So if you create an invoice and you're not needing to adjust it or modify it much, like, once it's created, it's good to send to the customer. We can actually turn on an automation so that that will just automatically be sent to your customer via Nickel, but you won't even have to go within Nickel to send that. Okay. Yeah. Understood. Yeah. Let me, let me give you what the I mean, the accounting with that, like I said, I was truthfully, my purpose for the phone call was honestly just for the AP, truthfully. Right. But, I mean, I could check into that. I just wanted to find out so that we're not, you know, we're on the same page. Yeah. Totally. We we do need the 2,000,000 what's that looking like? You know, what type of, discounts are you able to offer? So they really do it they really do it on a case by case basis. I just know I had a previous call, I believe, last week where we were able to negotiate a rate, but that was they hit that, at least $2,000,000 credit card transaction threshold, and they were also gonna have a good faith, for bringing over their accounts receivable, which also was, you know, a pretty a pretty good, chunk of business there. So, we were able to negotiate on that, but it is, again, a case by case basis. Since I've worked here, that is the only, account that I've had that we've been able to negotiate a a rate that meets both our needs as well as the client. Because, again, it really just bases on that the the spend volume because of what we already provide for free, we gotta make money somewhere, and that's kind of the main driver of where our revenue comes from. Understood. Understood. Okay. What was that percentage, Phil? What was the percentage for for this particular particular client? Yeah. We were able to go from 2.9 to 2.8. So 1%. Mhmm. 2.8. Okay. That's the one. Got it. Okay. No. That that sounds good. Well, I mean, what we'll do is, I'll go ahead and continue to use, Nickel platform, you know, for our our customers now. And, if for some reason we're able to go in and just make some adjustments, I have your number. I'll reach out to you. Yeah. So we'll just use it on, obviously, on that on that type of volume, and then we'll go ahead and just reach out. Yeah. That sounds great, Eric. Well, if you have any questions with this, just let me know. Also, I sent you an email so you have my email address. But if you're able to get numbers on that accounts receivable and it looks like it's gonna hit kind of that that spend mark of what of what we're needing to in order to have leadership be able to review and approve of those kind of discounts, just let me know. I'll send that over, and I'll be sure to to have those conversations with them. I I've already circulated your request to them, and they were more so asking about what your specific spend and volume is. So if you're able to get those numbers on the accounts receivable, we may be able to do something and save you some money there as well. Yeah. Later down the road. I mean, I can look into that, definitely. Sounds great, Eric. Well, thank you very much. Appreciate your time, and we'll chat soon. Okay? Thank you so much. Yep. Bye bye. 800. Potential. There sounds like a potential opportunity. Your potential opportunity for opportunity. Matt Front, I told him, generally, leadership. I told him because we off we offer set of features, lower Use us for and buzz. Nickel. Otherwise, previous account. Otherwise, there are five nine. Yeah. Require from APA. So they'll be in touch. He'll say they'll figure it out and be in touch. Doesn't sound sound urgent, though. Doesn't sound urgent, though.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2792334.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011926Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=1b94680d4f5e6df99e66dd9a8b5a5bf58ca6c9b33c8ca86662344b5c7c447aeca3f3f0103f2c83b044a4a5033b51fcb19fc444468c29d72a2b4b63abe5fd799404a62d65ef01359fa632cf2eb9866a461e71ff48efeca3d11fb854bd227de3011f159f6b54566a72491e63e3717a9622bf288725b59c59240cd7164105e432ffd10f82e8c7231d21be54b2679895b2e9ab7e9570ff05911e35a85598833610be124ab83e94cf8da709c6664324f13b5da01115d691b163a5920a08f76a5d050bfa6bf2ccb5ca7e7eaf937cc54de574381b3fa452d63f973658e30a278ea2107f1562ecff7389e58cf0a3f8652c5d7d4cfd28c80081b47939d88aed098e099836
