---
title: Conner Rusch and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-18'
time: '14:02:32'
duration_sec: 1953.12
duration_min: 32.6
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Conner Rusch <crusch@wheeleradvertising.com>
- John Rivas <jrivas@wheeleradvertising.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 16
---

Colton O'Farrell: Hey, good morning, Connor.
Conner Rusch: Hey, good morning, Colton. How are you?
Colton O'Farrell: Doing really well. How is your Friday morning starting?
Conner Rusch: Oh, not too bad so far, man. Too bad.
Colton O'Farrell: Looks like you got more from your side joining.
Conner Rusch: Yep, looks like you just popped in. There he is.
John Rivas: What's going on there? How are you guys?
Colton O'Farrell: Doing well here? How about yourself?
John Rivas: Hey, great, great. Appreciate the time there.
Colton O'Farrell: Happy Friday, everybody. Well, thanks so much, gentlemen, for joining the call today. Just introduce myself. My name's Colton. I'm a sales partner here at Nickel. Saw you guys came in from our website. You had a question regarding the surcharging automatically for QuickBooks processing fees. Really, the goal of this call is to understand more about your business, how you found Nickel, what got you to jump on the call. we'll show you the platform based on your kind of use cases and what you're dealing with in your day to day. Once we do that, we can discuss whether it's a good fit or not and what those next steps look like. But how does that sound, gentlemen?
Conner Rusch: Sounds good.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome.
Conner Rusch: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: What brought you to Nickel? How did you find us and what got you to jump on this meeting?
Conner Rusch: Yeah. Well, condensed story. We're switching to QuickBooks. We were using an older school system for our accounting. So we're switching to QuickBooks.
Colton O'Farrell: QuickBooks, desktop or online?
Conner Rusch: Online.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay.
Conner Rusch: And one of the things that, you know, we're wanting to do is process payments through there. And then as we looked at it some more, we realized, oh, we're a little still unclear, but it seems to me that if we process credit cards through there, we have to eat the fees. We process ACHs. They charge a 1% fee and we could pass that on the client, but like that seems like a high fee for because most ACHs aren't.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, just to get money from your customer's account to your bank account, like taking 1%. I mean, we have some customers who were before they were using Nickel, they were paying thousands of dollars every year just to get money from their customer's account to their account. So, yeah.
Conner Rusch: And so we've been talking about some like workarounds within QuickBooks that could work, but we're, I think we're just kind of one still a little uncertain what QuickBooks can and can't do. And then two would be the exploring third party options. Yeah, because we just want it to be like a little bit automated and not have to like go in and add line items to charge for processing fees and stuff. Right. Right.
Colton O'Farrell: And so you have made the switch to QuickBooks Online or when is that switch gonna take?
Conner Rusch: We're, yeah, we're basically this month we're switching. So like we'll be billing out, I guess end of July, first week of August will be our first invoices we're going to send out.
Colton O'Farrell: Nice.
Conner Rusch: Because right now John's processing a lot of payments through other tools at the moment. So we can still do that if we need to, but it'd be nice if it's.
Colton O'Farrell: Conner, I saw you're a director of operations. Is that correct?
Conner Rusch: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: And then John's role at the company?
Conner Rusch: He's our CFO.
Colton O'Farrell: CFO? Okay, awesome. And then for the current kind of or what you envision the workflow to be for accounts receivable moving forward, I guess, could you kind of walk me through how you plan on working with your customers, kind of what payment methods you accept today? Just curious what kind of the current state is.
Conner Rusch: Yeah, I mean, right now we, our current workflow is we send an invoice before it was just a PDF and then We a lot of our customers like we have either their credit card or their banking information will process payments kind of like an auto pay. It's a little bit manual at the moment. And then other a lot of our customers still pay by check.
Colton O'Farrell: So we're- you- have paper, paper like authorization forms for some of those customers that you have like the credit cards on file and everything.
Conner Rusch: Yeah, yeah, yes. We have to fill out a form authorization form to do that. And then They'll obviously get notified and then get a paper receipt.
Colton O'Farrell: What percentage of your customers have given you that payment authorization, would you say?
Conner Rusch: I think it's like 30 to 40%. And then we still get a lot of checks. So like one of the things we want to do. Yeah. Yeah. So one of the things we hope in with like, you know, QuickBooks or like, is, you know, some people don't want us to process their payment. They want to pay on their own terms. And if we can provide a digital platform that does that, I think We might get less checks, right? And get money in our accounts faster.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. Well, that's really helpful background. Thank you for sharing. I was curious, I wasn't seeing online, what are you guys doing in terms of annual revenue?
Conner Rusch: We're about three to four million.
Colton O'Farrell: Three to four million?
Conner Rusch: Yeah.
John Rivas: Hey, Colton, let me pass that on to you. What's that information, that data we provide to you? How you, what do you base that on in terms of, knowing that companies are there. And I really ping that in because we have we have quite obviously, you know, the competitors with you folks out there, they look at that. So I wanted to kind of revisit there. What's your threshold on that?
Colton O'Farrell: If we don't charge for it doesn't matter.
Conner Rusch: Right.
Colton O'Farrell: It doesn't matter what you guys are doing for revenue. That's more for just our internal purposes. We I'm happy to show the pricing in just a moment. I am curious, though, for those payments that you're sending request for payments from your customers. What are the like average invoice amounts? Like maybe from a low end to like your highest prices?
Conner Rusch: And the three to four is like, that's like our, how we look at AGI. So it's actually probably a lot higher than that. Cause sometimes we have like ad spending on our cards and stuff. And those are things that aren't, we don't count as adjusted gross income. But they, the average invoice would range anywhere from, $1,000, probably up to 40. Is that right, John?
John Rivas: What's that now?
Conner Rusch: The average invoice is going to be somewhere from 1 to 40. I think most are probably under within 1 to 20, and then maybe one or two clients might be above that.
John Rivas: That sounds pretty consistent.
Conner Rusch: But I think the clients that are above that, we actually send separate invoices. So it's like one client that has like six locations. So the total is 40, but it's.
Colton O'Farrell: A total of 40, but you're not Are you doing any payment like individual invoices that are $25,000 or more?
Conner Rusch: I don't, are we, John?
John Rivas: Yeah, yeah, we'll have something like that.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, just curious, so last question I had before I kind of show you what I was, some of the things I was going to show you, but what is your current kind of like self-assessed pulse range with what Nickel, who Nickel is, what we can do, if you were to rate that on a scale of one to 10, where would you guys say your current kind of knowledge sits at?
Conner Rusch: Zero.
Colton O'Farrell: Zero.
Conner Rusch: I found you guys online yesterday when I was just looking at other tools. So I don't, that's one thing too, I was looking at you guys like, seems like you might provide what we offer. Are we gonna get scammed with these guys? I don't know.
Colton O'Farrell: Understand the skepticism a little bit there. What I will tell you is that we have over 10,000 customers who are using us for accounts payable, accounts receivable or both. 98% of those are using QuickBooks Online as their ERP. And for a lot of those customers, we can provide completely a free solution for them. So I'm going to go ahead and share my screen quick here and just kind of walk through some of the pricing to explain this. So really at Nickel, we have two pricing models. We have our Nickel Core Plan, which is what every customer gets set up with once they create an account with us. And I saw you guys created your account. So great work there. What this enables our customers to do So they can receive ACH or credit card payments from their customers. I'll walk you through the workflows, but we'll send a secure payment link to them via email or via text. They would just click that, click the pay now, they can pay via ACH completely for free. We never charge for ACH for any of our customers. That's just a cost that we completely eat. The one limit or some limitations on the free plan is you cannot do transactions, ACH transactions over $25,000. that's the limit per transaction. It's not cumulative. So you could do a hundred of those transactions. You just cannot do one at $26,000. The turnaround time for the ACH processing is generally a two day to three day turnaround time. We are still required to meet the bank cutoff times of our sponsor banks, which is 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. But as long as it's in by that time, generally we're seeing a two to three day turnaround time on the free account. Some other limitations there is we only allow for three active users on the free account. and you cannot do scheduling or recurring payments in advance. However, all of those kind of limitations I mentioned, we removed those on the Nickel Plus plan. So that is either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month. We give you a 20% discount there for an annual subscription. We bump up the transaction limit from 25,000 per ACH transaction to just under a million dollars per transaction. You can schedule payments in advance. you can do recurring payments in advance, you can send payment authorization requests to your customers, there's no limit to how many users you can have, and then we speed up the ACH processing. It's generally same day to two day turnaround time, so long as you meet that bank cutoff time. There are no other fees associated with Nickel, so you either have no subscription or you have the $45 or $35 a month. The only other way that you would be paying any kind of fees with us is if you have agreed to eat some of the credit card surcharge if your customers decide to pay that way, or if you're paying your bills with us via accounts payable with a credit card, there is a 2.9% if you were deciding to pay bills with us. But aside from that, there are no other fees associated with Nickel. I'll pause here. Any questions that you guys have on the pricing?
Conner Rusch: Seems to make sense to me. so, so you, yeah, the, I think that, and I'm curious, your knowledge on QuickBooks, because it sounds like a lot of your clients use it. Is that an issue with QuickBooks that basically you can't pass on the credit card fees? Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So it's a, it's a problem with, with all the credit cards as well. There's a lot of different state and, like, like, jurisdiction laws that require that these companies cannot do that. However, with Nickel, we are the one who is essentially charging the credit card fee. So we actually give you complete control on how you want to deal with that. So I'm going to pop over to the demo now just to show you a little bit of that. So you've created your account. All you need to do in order to start sending or receiving payments is link a payment method. So you just go to account settings here and you would just list. Well, so this is the payout method that you would link here. But for that credit card surcharge rate, by default, 100% of that charge is going to be paid for by your customer. This is a global rule. However, you do have complete control to override this. So if you wanted to do 50-50, 25-7, 25-75, or completely eat the cost, you do have that control. Like I said, this is a global rule right here. But if you so when you're connected with QuickBooks Online, it's very easy. You just go to integrations here. select the link QuickBooks account button. This brings you to their website. You'd sign into your account, select your company and chart of accounts. Once you do that, everything flows into an accounts payable perspective here, as well as the accounts receivable perspective right here. If you wanted to override any of the global settings, you could actually do that on an individual invoice level. So all of your invoices would flow from QuickBooks into here. You just go to this far right hand side payment request to send those off. But I'm going to go ahead and click on just this invoice of one that we've already created. If you go to settings here though, we can completely disable credit card payments if you want. You can allow customers to edit the payment amount or if you wanted to override that global surcharge rule, say for just this particular customer in this invoice, we had an agreement that we wanted to split it 50/50. You could do that where you would override the global settings there. So I'm just going to turn that off there. We also do have some automation that we can set up. Unfortunately, I don't have it available to show in the demo here, but if you were integrated with your QuickBooks account, we do have a field that would be enabled at the bottom that you could toggle on or off. And what that does is any time an invoice is generated in QuickBooks, we would just automatically send it via email or text message to your customer to pay. The one caveat with that is if you're generating an invoice and then you typically are not sending it off right away, you're going through making edits or modifications to it, we would recommend having that automation turned off because if you're touching that invoice multiple times and changing things, your customer would get an email each time you did that. So if you're creating an invoice and you're not usually editing it after that point, if you have that automation turned on, we'll just automatically send it to your customer via text message or via email. But is that something that you guys are doing a lot where it's like you create an invoice once you send it off or is it like you have to go through and make revisions?
John Rivas: There's yeah, I believe we'll do from time to time. We might edit it. My question I asked for you is let me ask you this here. Show me a demonstration. And the reason why I asked that right now because, you know, we work with the engineering team with the Intuit and they discovered that from time to time You guys have some syncing issues that you have. And my question for you is that how you guys work around those syncing issues, whether we sync the data, the data don't sync right. And so what happens to us there, we have to do a lot of manual work. So my question for you is that what's your guys corrective action on those times when you're doing the syncing, meaning is that, hey, we go and sync the data, our billing invoices, you grab them.
Colton O'Farrell: Right?
John Rivas: And then at the same time, let me finish here. And then I wanted to see if we, again, you hit it right there, I'm going to, we edit an invoice. How does your data sync daily on updates and all our stuff? How does that work?
Colton O'Farrell: It's real-time syncing between QuickBooks and Nickel. So whatever is done in the Nickel platform will show up in QuickBooks Online. Whatever is done in QuickBooks Online will.
Conner Rusch: Show
John Rivas: up in Nickel. So it's a real-time sync there. Okay. Now, let me ask you this here. When our clients receive these notifications and quite obvious when they do the payments, what data is coming to the client, our client, what we like to do is just go to you guys. We don't want anything showing but you because we don't want any confusion we want to see there. So I just want to know what that workflow process is.
Colton O'Farrell: I'll walk you, I'll do a complete work walk through here and I can show you what your customer will see, how they'll that whole perspective. So I'm just showing what I'm doing here now is you don't ever have to create an invoice within Nickel, you could completely just continue to do that in QuickBooks Online. However, if you wanted to, you do have the ability to set up either a one-time or recurring invoice directly within Nickel. When we bring over your invoices, if there's any attachments, documents, all that will also be brought over. However, if we're generating this ourselves, you can still attach the invoice or any kind of documents you'd like. Just gonna put a quick note here. Hi Colton, please make the payment. ASAP. All right, we're going to go ahead and hit create. Once I hit this create button, what we're going to do is we're going to generate the secure payment link right here. This can be sent either via email or via text message. We're going to send this via email to myself, but I also copied the link here in case you wanted to see what it looked like prior to sending off to your customer. I already know what it looks like, so I'm going to just go ahead and send that. In addition, I just copy and pasted that link, but what you'll see is your name, your email, your company branded logo. That's all things that are adjustable in settings, so you can add your in the branding and logo there. But your customer will have two options to pay. So they'll either be able to pay via credit card with the 2.99% fee clearly marked, or they can pay with their bank via ACH completely for free. There's no fees there. They just need to enter their routing and account number, hit pay, and that'd be completed. So that's just me copying and pasting the link into a new browser. But this is what it looks like on the email side. So your customer would receive an email. This is from our receipts@nickelpayments.com. It would also list your company right there. We do have to send it from this email address in order because we have extremely high deliverability rates and we can't do a customize. Like we can have your name in there, but it has to be sent from this email. That's just one caveat there. But your customer would receive an email very similar to that other screen I showed you. Invoice is attached there. If they want to download it, they hit reply all. You'll be CC'd on communication. And then when they hit this pay now button, This is again where they're brought to that same screen that I just showed you.
Conner Rusch: How do most people utilize this within QuickBooks? Because I guess I was thinking of a couple options. Because I mean, you can either send the invoice directly in QuickBooks or do people that use your platform send it from Nickel?
Colton O'Farrell: They send it from us so that they can avoid the 1% like ACH fee.
Conner Rusch: Okay, because I was wondering if it made sense to still send through QuickBooks but then almost have you're got the link to you guys in that QuickBooks invoice. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So we are have to send the invoice, like Nickel has to be the one payment processor because if QuickBooks is actually sending the invoice, then you're going to be required to pay the, like the 1% ACH fee if your customer pays that way. So we are.
Conner Rusch: Yeah. I guess what I was thinking though is like you can turn off all the payment options within QuickBooks, say, Hey, no. There's no payment option. It's just the invoice. But then in the, I don't know, the comments or the memo, you have a link to this page.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. You could absolutely copy and paste that link in there.
Conner Rusch: But it's not manual to do that.
Colton O'Farrell: Is it manual to do that? There's not an automation for it. And generally, it's easier for our customers either just to set up the automation to automatically have Nickel send the QuickBooks invoice to their customer, or they would just come into the get paid, they'd come to the right hand side payment request and they just hit payment requests. You can also send multiple invoices at one time. So a lot of these are ones that we've already sent. But if you wanted to send multiple payment requests, we can do that. So if you needed to send multiple, it would just pop up a screen like this and you'd be able to send those and type the memos for each one.
Conner Rusch: Okay. Does it sync the contacts that we have set up in QuickBooks?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes.
Conner Rusch: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: Customers, vendors, everything will be brought over. So that would be living in your customer section right here. One other page that I wanted to show you or component on this page is in it, so we are processing, you saw that link that I shared. So that was generated, tied specifically to one invoice. So even if you're processing like 50 invoices with one customer, We're never doing batch processing. We're processing each one of your invoices as its own atomic unit. And so we can have one-to-one reconciliation between you, your customer and banks. So there's no possibility for those to get crossed over or anything. But in addition to those individualized secure payment links, we also set up every company with their own merchant payment link, which is this payment portal right here. Most of our customers will take this link and they'll actually embed it in their own website. as kind of a one-stop shop for a customer to come in and make a payment, or maybe to serve as a backup option if their primary method is not working. But what this would do is just enable your customer to come in and make payment for whatever reason. They could list the invoice number, I'm just gonna put test here. They would go to make a payment, and again, the same options right there of how they'd like to pay that. So they could pay by their card, or they could pay via ACH for free. Setting up a new customer or vendor is extremely easy, so you just go to customers here, new customer, you would list their name. And then with the Nickel Plus account, we can also set up a payment authorization form to be sent to them. So you just add their name, click the set up payment authorization, and hit save. Once you do that, we would send them this email here. So it would show your company name, logo, it would say payment authorization requests from Wheeler Advertising. You could put a memo in there if you'd like. And we also have some frequently asked questions with answers right there. But if it was too long and they didn't read all of that, We do have it on the next page here. So this is letting them know that Nickel's a payment processor, Wheeler advertising their customer, has sending them a payment authorization request. All of their information is protected within Nickel. We are SOC 2 compliant. If there's ever any kind of credit card fees, you guys are only getting the net amount. We handle all the PCI compliance. Those secure payment links are protecting their information with encryption, tokenization, and we are never like, keeping any of the money. We are simply the processor and we're handling it all in FDIC insured accounts. So all protected there. But this is also letting them know that that payment authorization can be revoked at any time. You can also set up specific limits like either for a dollar amount or for expiration date. And this example, I did not. So it's just going to say transaction limit has no limit, no expiration date, and they just have to read to the terms. your customer could agree to this, but if you had like say a $25,000 limit in there, expiration date for next month, you could put those in there as well.
Conner Rusch: Does someone, those terms or that authorization, does everyone have to accept that before they Make any payment or is that if like- no, this is just to.
Colton O'Farrell: Automatically pull from their account.
Conner Rusch: Oh, if you're doing recurring, okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Exactly, yep. So that's the payment authorization aspect that I know you guys already have some today. We are able to honor what you have today. But generally, if you are doing payment authorizations that are not from Nickel, sometimes payments can be a little bit slower. We do have like bank level security built in fraud protection. And unfortunately, you know, people can try to generate fake payment authorization forms. So our team just has to, you know, they do their due diligence with making sure that those are legitimate. But if you wanted to kind of pivot to having Nickel send those out, it's a very quick process because that's an, you know, internally approved like payment authorization form. The other thing I was going to show you with setting up, so that was the accounts receivable workflow. The accounts payable works the exact same. So your bills would flow in here. If you had a bill to payment to make, you just come over here to make a payment, pay via ACH or credit card. For accounts payable, the credit card rate is 2.9% versus the accounts receivable, which is 2.99%. But if you had vendors that you wanted to set up, you just go to vendor here. New vendor, if you have their information, you can enter it. If you don't, we can actually send them a form to fill out. They just need to enter their name, email address. You could turn on requiring ACH if you wanted. The email that your vendor would get would look just like this. So it'd say that Wheeler Advertising wants to send you money via Nickel. Those frequently asked questions with answers again, they just go to fill out vendor details form. There's those questions. They would say whether they're business, corporation, individual, contractor, enter their address. how they would like to be paid, review, submit, and they'd be simply added to your account as and remembered. The other thing I wanted to point out is even if your customers, your customers are not required to sign up and use Nickel. One thing that we hear from a lot of our customers is they have a ton of different payment methods that they're accepting from customers, maybe even like a Venmo or Zelle or something. But with those platforms, you do need to have an account. Your customers do not even have to have an account with Nickel. If they want to create one, they can. But we would just remember their information within the system as somebody that you've worked with and you'd be able to send payment requests via email or text if you have that payment authorization. We have all of that remembered. But I'll pause here. Any particular questions or things that we wanted to see that we haven't yet? Just kind of curious what your overall thoughts are so far of what we've seen.
Conner Rusch: I mean, it looks like what we need. I don't. John, what are your thoughts?
John Rivas: My observation is this concerning on the sinking issues there. I I have, I think all of them do, but I just think at times we'll have issues with nickel since it's a new product through QuickBooks Online. And they have other processors that work, but they still have some issues there, but. that's my main concern, integration. Let me finish there. We will tend to do here. Hey, Conner, what will take place when you work with the syncing issues there? That creates problem matching payments through our Intuit software. So then our workaround is manual extra work to sync the internal process to make sure payments are coming in. But other than that, my other alternative, we like to go with Nickel, I would probably look at maybe not syncing it and maybe doing some other work around to that. So it will eliminate some of the problems that they have. Nickel, Nickel is a new inquiry on there. So there's not a lot of reviews with them. I think it's probably a good product, but at the same time with the integration, you have time to time you'll have syncing and they're not accurate. So then you have to do, you have to like reverse it back out and re-sync it again. And then they was having a match. But then again, that pivots to what Colton was talking about. he asked the question about, Hey, do you guys edit invoices? That may make some of the Cumberland's issues were if we edit an invoice, right? And it is an update timely, quite obvious, Nickel won't be able to recognize that. And that's what he was asking more or less about, Hey, do you edit invoices frequently? Which is a great question, Arthur, but I'm pretty sure it's a good tool.
Colton O'Farrell: But there's, you know, from my point, so it is a matter of what would be the best interest for us. Yeah, well, what you guys have currently set up, what is the system? Because if you wanted to go ahead and just get all that info in Nickel right now and you're not QuickBooks Online, what we could do is if you just download a CSV file of your invoices customers, I can get you connected to Will on our team. He'd be able just to manually upload that for you for now until you kind of make that switch to QuickBooks Online. And I'm happy to get more information on kind of the real-time sync and what's going on and the backend side of it. But what I'll tell you is, like I said, we have over 10,000 customers using us for accounts payable, accounts receivable. 98% of them are on QuickBooks Online. It's a very seamless integration and we rarely have any issues with DataSync. And what I pulled up here is, I'm not sure if you guys are really familiar with G2, but it is one of the most accredited online software review platforms. I'm happy to link this in the follow up email that I send with you. But what you'll find here, you'll find a lot of happy customers who do not have issues with the integration. We have a 4.9 out of 5 rating on here. And if you compare this to like other providers like Melio, bill.com, you will see that most of these customers came from those other payment processors and were very unhappy and they've been, you know, able to meet what their needs are with Nickel and grow with us. Like I said, I'll send this, I'll send the security payment. I'll send the pricing, the security elements. And also I have a pre-recorded demo of kind of the workflows that we went through. But if you have any questions with that, want to revisit it or share it with the team, you'll be able to have that. All I notice on your guys' end, you have the account created. You just need to link a payment method in order to start sending and receiving payments. But is there anything else besides integration information that I could provide you to just help with your decision? I don't.
Conner Rusch: Have that. Yeah, I don't think so.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool. The only other thing that I would say is, you know, I can show this quick too is, So like I mentioned before, everyone's set up with the Nickel Core account. So that's the free version, but you can self-serve at any point within the account settings just by going to plan, can upgrade within the account. We do give a two-week free trial for every customer to try out Nickel Plus. If you decide that it's more than what you need, you can revert back to the free plan. But otherwise, if you are happy with it, it would just either be that $45 monthly or $35 annual. Again, there are no hidden fees. As long as you guys are not eating the credit card charges or if you're not paying bills via your credit card with Nickel, you are simply going to pay that subscription fee is all.
John Rivas: Yeah, my thing there, Colton, what I hear though is a lot of the people that I know with Cookbooks that use their, they try the $0.01 one and they basically have to move up because they get the better quality service that they need to have. And you probably know that as well, right?
Colton O'Farrell: I mean, I would say the majority of our customers are actually on the Nickel Plus, sorry, the Nickel Core account. The Nickel Plus is really for those companies who need larger than $25,000 transactions per transaction. They're doing like payment authorization requests. But we do have a lot of customers who just stay on the core plan and it's free. We don't mind that. We're not really generating income from those customers or revenue. But they are very happy. They're leaving reviews. They're doing referrals. It's kind of that network effect. And we have just been experiencing explosive growth and really positive reviews and referrals from customers.
John Rivas: My understanding would be with the volume that Wheeler has, we'll probably pivot into that 35 being the reason why because we've been there. And with that being said there, but at the same time, we both know there that you guys really thrive on the bill pay process there. So you take on AP. so and I think we don't even use the QuickBooks ones. We just we don't need that there. But however, I would say that the big the thing that we have concern about is this integration from time to time. You know that because of this issue there. So we would have to do is find a work around how to work through that and from time to time. I'm familiar with Bill Pay. I'm also filling with method. Method is another one you probably know about. Those are pretty good there. But again, there's this looking at the Integration process there and well time to time we'll have where we have to spend time to fix stuff, you know, in terms of, you know, the integration using a third party app.
Conner Rusch: So, that was how are you guys integrated? Is it like API or? Nope.
Colton O'Farrell: So we have a native built integration with QuickBooks Online. Right now, that's the only integration we have. We are looking at like our own. So I actually come from an API background prior to joining Nickel. We really would only be using an API right now for international payments. The team is likely to build out an API integration with QuickBooks Desktop, but because the vast majority of our customers are on either they're on QuickBooks Online, there hasn't really been a strong need. We do have some customers who are on maybe legacy systems that we have like kind of custom workarounds for them right now. For example, if they're doing a lot of business, they are usually doing downloading like a CSV file once a week, providing that to us and getting all that information in Nickel and just kind of going through the workflows like we showed you. But right now, we don't have an API that we're connecting to other ERPs.
Conner Rusch: Okay. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Any other questions, gentlemen? I know I really appreciate you going a little over time here. Like I said, I owe you some follow-ups. I will be sending that email to you before end of day today. But just curious if it checks out kind of what you're looking to and if you wanted to go ahead and add your payment method and start playing around with the account, that's all you need to do. All you need to do in order.
Conner Rusch: To start using Nickel. And if we linked our QuickBooks account.
Colton O'Farrell: All the any invoices we had would show up basically.
Conner Rusch: Exactly.
John Rivas: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: Percent. Cool.
Conner Rusch: Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, if you guys have any questions that arise as you're kind of playing around with the platform, just let me know. You'll have my email. Can give me a call, shoot me an email. Happy to answer any questions you have. And then I guess the last component too is if you do have any questions while you're in Nickel, we also do have chat features here as well that will go to our teams that will create tickets and be assisting you as well if for whatever reason I'm not replying it as quickly as you need. Okay. Awesome. Well, Connor, John, it was an absolute pleasure. I'll be sending you that email before end of day today. Hope you guys have a great rest of your Friday and enjoy the weekend. Really excited to start working
John Rivas: with you. with you. Hey, man. Thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: Thanks, Colton.
John Rivas: My pleasure. Have a good one.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2871706.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011936Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
