---
title: Sharika and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-08-13'
time: '16:30:10'
duration_sec: 1467.44
duration_min: 24.5
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- null <billing@content-champion.com>
- SS <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 17
---

SS: . . . . .
Colton O'Farrell: Hello, Sharika.
SS: Hi, Colton, how are you?
Colton O'Farrell: I'm doing really well. How about yourself?
SS: Not too bad. Thanks for waiting for me here for a few minutes.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, yeah, no worries. How is your day going so far?
SS: Oh, not too bad. Just getting started here. I was really excited to find out about Nickel yesterday. I signed up and I really like the interface and I just had a couple of questions for you.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. Well, it's awesome to hear that you already got signed up. Curious, did you find this just kind of organic Google searching or was it recommended by anybody? Just curious on how you stumbled upon us.
SS: It was just on Google. I was looking for like an as close to open source way to do the ACH processing. That's where it came up. And I just, I like that it was easy to set up and it seemed to accept all my details. It's really fast. I like that part with the interface.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, that's great to clarify any questions that you have. I can let you take it away and we can go from there.
SS: Okay, yeah. Well, I'm not sure if you can see my account, but for my end, it looks like I'm enabled, meaning that I can accept payments. Does that look correct to you?
Colton O'Farrell: So what you have to do in terms of activating your account is already signed up. for your account. That's great. I see, have you, and you've linked up a payment method? It looks like you're- Correct. Yeah, so you should be all set to start receiving payments via Nickel. Curious, just trying to understand more about your payments. Are you looking to use us for accounts payable? What's kind of the process you have in place today? And what are you looking for Nickel to do in that steed? It sounds like ACH primarily, but would love some more information on that.
SS: Yeah, sure. Well, the company that I'm trying to use this for has been very recently established. So we don't have any currently any other service provider there because we don't have any payments going out. The website is content-champion.com and basically we do services and also software. So I was hoping to use it for services in case any clients are looking for help to install some of our software to their website or any other services and then just kind of they can pay via the nickel link is that's what I was envisioning. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So, so this is, this would be content champions, the company.
SS: Yeah. Content-champion.com, yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. Oh, perfect. And just for the account that it signed up with, we have the website, just content champion on our end for like the account name. But yeah, what you could do is our question, are you operating on QuickBooks online today or what are you doing in terms of your kind of record keeping and accounting?
SS: We don't use QuickBooks. We have an instance of Frappe, which is open source ERP and CRM. It also has our accounting tools in there.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. So we don't have a direct like integration or connection with that system. However, you are able to just, you can manually, you can one download like a CSV file from that solution. if it has like your vendors, your customers, you know, it doesn't sound like there's much that's going to be that you would have to upload in the like as of right now anyways, just kind of with what you mentioned about the company being set up. But if there was that information living in another system, you could download it as a CSV file and get it sent over to our support team and they'd be able to upload that into the account. So you could have some of those records if you already have them existing today. Otherwise, You could just go into Nickel. If you're looking to send an invoice to customers for service or software that you're doing for them, you could just create the invoice directly within Nickel. You could send that via email or SMS to your customer. They would receive an email or text message that would have that invoice. There would be a Pay Now button on there. They would simply click that, and if they want to pay via credit card, there's a 2.99% credit card surcharge rate. that will be paid for by your customer. So that's the default setting. You can change that if you want to split any of that cost with them. Most of our customers just kind of keep it as is. But if they don't want to pay via credit card and they want to pay via ACH for free, all they need to do is add their routing and account number in there and simply make the payment. And there would be no fees for you or for your customers on that end.
SS: Oh, wow. Okay, that's great. Yeah, I like that there's the option for credit card because not everybody wants to do, but yeah, I prefer ACH.
Colton O'Farrell: That's really great. And the credit card site too, you know, there's a lot of people who want like a 45 day float or credit card points or whatever reason that they have for wanting to use the credit card. So we give that as an option. You can disable it on an index. So there's some like global settings and then there's also ways to override those global settings on an individual invoice level. So if you wanted to change that credit card rate or like split it with your customer, or if you wanted to like disable a credit card for a particular customer and just have them pay via ACH, you can also go into the settings within any invoice and be able to toggle on some of those features.
SS: Oh, okay. And just when you said 45 day flow, do you mean like they can, it's like a payment plan, like they can break it up?
Colton O'Farrell: That's with like typically their credit card. So a lot of them will, they won't have for the business credit card account they have opened, they might not have to Make a payment for like.
SS: 45 days on that or something.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, gotcha. Okay, cool. That might be one of the reasons why I like to stretch their cash.
SS: Flow essentially Yeah, is okay, why they great. might want That's to use awesome. like a credit Yeah. card, And then for in example. terms of like what I can bill for, is it acceptable to bill for services and for products or it's only for services?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, you can send whatever kind of invoice as long as you are not being like an independent, hold on, let me just find the correct verbiage here because it sounds like you're going to be using us in a use case that we support. You're just not, you're not like looking to integrate with like an API connection to provide like payment solutions for your customers. It's more so to bill them based upon the software or services that you're providing.
SS: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool.
SS: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: I believe it's like, we just can't work with like a third party if they're trying to like use us as a solution for their customers. But if you're billing your customers directly and you're just needing a way for them to make a payment to you, we can definitely support that.
SS: Okay. Yeah, that's, I just wanted to make sure, you know, it's within the scope. Yeah, all our products are pretty much virtual products, like books or products like services or sorry, like software services. And then the services are like consultation or installation and things like that. And then I saw that there's like a feature to Make a very nice invoice and like have it line by line, very detailed. Is there also like maybe a simpler way to have a pre-filled amount in the link or like is there a way that I can prefill the amount in the link with a short description without having to do the line by line?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. You don't actually have to do a line by line. So I'll just share my screen quick. I am just on my laptop here in a coffee shop. Unfortunately, it's just I usually have a second monitor. So just bear with me as I kind of pull that up quick. Oh, no worries.
SS: But can you see my screen okay?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah. Cool. Yeah. So what you would do for that then is you just go to this get paid. So this is the accounts if receivable you need me to zoom side. in or zoom out as well, just let me know. But you just come over here to new invoice, you'd simply find your customer. So I'll find myself here, give it an invoice name or number. We'll call this 155. So 812-25. Oops. Oh, it's Wednesday. It's the 13th today. What is the typical kind of invoice range or amount that you're doing today?
SS: Probably like 60 to 120.
Colton O'Farrell: 60 000 to 120. well just sixty dollars to oh sixty dollars to 120. I got you so yeah if you were this is what it would look like you could say just quick notes hi Colton please make the payment as soon as possible you can attach any kind of invoice this we're not like we'll if you have an invoice living somewhere else, you could just simply drag and drop that here. So this is just like a template sample that I'm grabbing. What we'll do though is we'll rename the invoice that you attached with whatever is listed in this field, but you'd simply select the amount. If it's a one-time or recurring payment, when it's due, you could add a note there and attach that invoice. What we'll do is we'll generate a secure payment or text link, message, which is depending found right on here. which We'll option send you that choose. to your customer via Once email. you hit send link here, that's going to be sent via email. But I also copied that link and I'm going to open it up in a new window as well. If you were curious of what it would look like for your customer. So this is that window here. I also, I'm going to just grab my email quick. And there it is.
SS: Oh, awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: So to come in via email like this, invoice would be attached right there. You can see it's also renamed. If they hit reply all, you'll also be CC'd on any communication if there's questions. But once they hit that pay now button here, it's again just that same screen I showed you a moment ago. So if they want to pay via ACH in their bank, there's no cost. All they have to do is enter their routing and account number, make the payment. If they want to pay via credit card, obviously they can do that. All You credit will simply cards get the net amount, are charged so at you the would get same the rate, 120. but there We is would a 2.99% handle the PCI fee there. compliance and get the $3.59. But these would be various ways for your customers to pay. In addition to that, we also set up every customer with their own payment portal. So that can be found right here. A lot of our customers will take this and actually embed it in their own website to either serve a backup method for customers to make payments, or if you want it to be your primary method, you can do that as well. So I'll just add... Yeah, this is.
SS: What I was wondering because I like this thing. Is it possible to pre-populate the amount on this link or no?
Colton O'Farrell: To repopulate the amount?
SS: Or to pre-populate the amount when it's embedded or does the customer have to enter the amounts?
Colton O'Farrell: Right now, this would be for your customer to just right now there wouldn't be a set link that would with email being sent to them.
SS: So this, okay.
Colton O'Farrell: And with this, they would be directed directly to this invoice. This other option I'm showing you here is more of a kind of one-stop shop. Of course, be able to see who made the payment for how much and that information. But as of right now, this was kind of a newer feature of ours. We are having some more like development with it. So there's going to be more features added. But right now, all of this customizable. So you could just simply come into settings. and just change your branded logo, can change the banner. If you are a Plus member, so this is included in the Nickel Core plan, which is our free plan. But if you're a Core, or sorry, if you're a Nickel Plus member, we can also give you a custom URL or domain there. But that is part of only if you're on a paid plan. But any questions with kind of the specific workflow shown so far?
SS: No, thank you for going through that. Yeah, that is, I wanted to know how to do the invoice and also the payment link. That's really cool. I guess we had mentioned earlier about APIs. So like, does that mean like this should not be integrated with WordPress or anything like that?
Colton O'Farrell: Unfortunately, we don't have like an open API for customers to connect to at this time. We may in the future, but as of right now, that's not something that we support. We only have like a native integration with QuickBooks Online. I believe they're maybe looking at building out for some other integrations, but right now with your use case, you would either have to just enter the information in vehicle manually to get started, which doesn't sound like it would be a huge hindrance since this is more of a newer business. But the other option would be to download a V5 file, get that sent to our support team. They just need to ensure that the mapping and translations They're all aligned, so we don't have errors that pop up on your side. They simply uploaded for you easily. But that's more so just to get the account started, if that would be a preferred method.
SS: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's great. You answered all my questions for sure. I wanted to know what credit cards are accepted. Is it just Mastercard and Visa?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, all credit cards. are all major credit card providers and Amex, they're all charged at the same rate as well, which is that 2.99% for accounts.
SS: Okay, cool. And is this meant to be only used within the US or can it be abroad as well?
Colton O'Farrell: So right now we are primarily just US. You can send payments internationally as long as there is US backed like bank, especially kind of on the ACH side. But we have been building out kind of more international payments, but it is primarily right now mostly just the US.
SS: Okay, great. And then for the, like the flip side with paying vendors. So if I was going to use this to pay bills or... Yeah. And also especially for like 1099s, will it could be considered like on the recipient's end as a direct deposit or will it show up as an ACH for them?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, I'll show you that quick. So the accounts payable side works very similar to the accounts receivable side. So you just come into Bill Pay here, you would have to just set up your, your customer or whoever you're looking to pay as a vendor. We just go to new bill here. Once we've done that, I'm just going to grab myself, enter the, the amount you're looking to pay and give a reason. If you want to attach a bill, you can do that. you'd go to make a payment. I haven't been set myself up as a vendor with my bank information just for demo purposes, obviously, but your customer would either need to connect their bank account. So we would, if you have their information, you could add it yourself. If you don't, we could send them a form to fill out. They would just add their banking information or their address because we could also send a check as well to them if they don't want an ACH payment. But if we send the check, there is a two dollar fee with that. But if you're payment looking with a to credit make a card, there is a 2.9% fee that would be paid for by you, but this is the timeframe of which it would be paid. So it'd be withdrawn today, same day estimated arrival would also be the same day. If we wanted to remove that 2.9% fee and just no fees because we were paying via ACH, which it sounds like would be kind of your preferred method, we would just simply change it to our bank account, withdraw today, it's going to take one business day and that arrival will hit their account. tomorrow.
SS: Wow, that's really fast. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So we do have the cutoff times. So they list right here that ACH payments after 3 p.m. Eastern Standard Time will be processed the next day. So I'm not sure if you got a chance to look at the pricing much, but we have two plans available. So I briefly kind of spoke on this, but we have our Nickel Core plan, which is our completely free plan that allows for unlimited free ACH, everything I've kind of walked you through today. Generally, as a two to three day business turnaround time on that, there are some caveats though. We only can have three active users on the account, and we only can do $25,000 per ACH transaction. So that is not cumulative, meaning you could do 100 of those. You just cannot do one at, say, $26,000 kind of over that limit. But you would get access to that payment, the customer payment portal, and kind of sending the invoices via email or text like I showed you. However, if you were looking for like a custom URL or domain for that payment link, if you're looking to schedule payments in advance, do recurring payments or have like unlimited active use, oh, sorry, there's also a payment authorization request form where you'd just be able to auto pull from your customer's account based on agreed upon criteria. If you're looking for any kind of those features, that would be more so for our Nickel Plus account, which is $45 monthly, where it's $35 a month on an annual subscription. So we give you a 20% discount. It's billed one time at $420. We speed up the ACH processing with this account. So it's generally same day to two day turnaround time, depending on if you get it in by that cutoff time. This allows for unlimited users and then no hard transaction limit. We can do up to like a million dollars per transaction. But that's kind of the pricing and the plans available. Neither plan has any kind of hidden fees or transaction charges. The only way you'd pay anything additional to this subscription charge is if you're paying bills with a credit card. So there's that 2.9% or you're agreeing to eat some of the credit card surcharge on the accounts receivable side for that 2.99%. Okay, awesome.
SS: Wow, I'm very impressed. I mean, I looked at a lot of the, you know, vendors and this is a I wonderful wish I had found out about it sooner.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, that's really nice to hear. We really appreciate that. I'm happy to also send you this information in a follow-up email. Not sure if you're from, are you familiar with G2? It sounds like, you know, you're in kind of the software and tech space.
SS: So I wouldn't be surprised if you did.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, no, I have not heard of that. So it's like an online review platform. I'm happy to link that to you as well. But you can also read from kind some of of our the gold customers. standards So it's for one of, kind of software technology. If you have other companies that you were kind of researching, you can also kind of do a side by side comparison. But we do have a number of customer reviews that also link so you can check those out if you'd find them interesting.
SS: Yeah, that sounds great.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, of course. Any other questions that I didn't touch on of what you had some clarification needed for?
SS: No, you answered all my questions. I think I'll just probably go ahead and start using the the voice feature to make the pre-populated amounts and just kind of see how it goes from there. I really appreciate you answering everything so detailed. And if I have more questions, is it okay if I email you later?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. I also wanted to call out, though, one other last thing before I kind of let you go here. I did not show you, but we do have built-in chat features and support, and this is tied to a real person, so you'll actually be talking to a human like myself, but I'll just share that quick and show you. So yes, you just simply go right below the account settings to the help center here, pop up a message box here. If you have any questions, concerns, this is the fastest way to get a response from our team. A lot of times I'll be in back-to-back meetings, but I always try to make sure to get back to all my emails in the day. But if you do need some additional support or have questions, you can come here and it's generally like a 30 minute of response time kind of on the later end.
SS: Wow, that's really very unique. Thanks for sharing that.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, of course. But of course you can email me as well. with you an email. So I'll send a follow up with some of the resources we mentioned. If you have other colleagues or want to kind of go over some of the workflows that we went through, I'll also share like a recorded demo just so you can view that again or share it with whoever is needed. But if you have any questions that come up, yeah, just feel free to let me know and we can take it from there.
SS: Okay, awesome. Thank you so much for your time today.
Colton O'Farrell: I hope you have a good rest of your day. Yeah, thank you. You as well. It was a pleasure meeting you. And like I said, I owe oh.
SS: You that email, sweet. but we're Thank excited you again.
Colton O'Farrell: To My start supporting pleasure.
SS: Your business.
Colton O'Farrell: So Hope you have a good one.
SS: You too. Speak soon. Bye bye. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3299674.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011938Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
