---
title: Ramon J Otero and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-31'
time: '17:01:04'
duration_sec: 1605.99
duration_min: 26.8
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Ramon Otero <ramonoterocpa@gmail.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 18
---

Ramon Otero: $200. But I call another providers and they say that they never charge that amount of money for, you know, an annually basis. But we knew they charge 300 for renewal. Yeah, because the renewal is going to be in August 18. So before that, I, I cancel sage.
Colton O'Farrell: Got it. That's really helpful. Just to give you some more background and perspective with Nickel and what we might be able to do for you. There's a number of ways that you could use us, and I think we could even potentially replace some of these other systems that you're using. We have a ton of CPA clients, as you've probably seen, that use us and absolutely love using Nickel. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and walk through some of this as I'm talking about it. If you want to just let me know if you can see the screen. Okay.
Ramon Otero: Yes. Let me, let me, let me.
Colton O'Farrell: Can zoom in too if that's helpful.
Ramon Otero: Okay. I did. I can see it now. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. So yeah, I mean, it's a really easy process. I think what would work best is if you were able to download a CSV file from Sage 50 that has all your invoices, all of your customers. Get that over to our team and get that all uploaded into the platform. So all of your accounts receivable invoices would show up right here. If you have bills that you're looking to pay as well on the accounts payable side, those will also populate right here. The solution is really simple to use. So you would just come over once your invoices are brought into Nickel, you just go to this bar right hand side where it says payment request, you click request payment. We generate this secure payment link right here that will be sent to your customer either via email or via phone number SMS. We also have the option to charge payment method on file. So this is a plus featured. So we have two kind of plans. There's Nickel Core, which is the completely free solution. And then there's Plus. And I'll show you the pricing kind of over that at the end. But if you were a Nickel Plus customer, this is similar to what you have with other customers today where you're just able to like auto debit and pull from their account. based on read upon criteria. So you can also put that up with Nickel. If you do have those like payment authorization forms already, which it sounds like you have like half of your customers on that, we were able to honor those previous agreements. However, it might slow down payment times just because our team has to do their due diligence and, you know, federal compliance and making sure that those are, you know, recreated.
Ramon Otero: I can update all the payments.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, you'd be able to update those all directly through Nickel as well. And then there's, it would be, you know, immediate pulling from their customer's account, getting into your bank account, typically like a day time, one to two business day turnaround times on that.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: You can also generate invoices directly from Nickel. You don't have to, but I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna generate an invoice. Do you have access to your email?
Ramon Otero: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Right now?
Ramon Otero: Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna set you up as a customer and I'm gonna shoot you an email just so you can see what it would look like from the customer end. All right, so I'm just gonna quickly add you as a customer here.
Ramon Otero: I see it. Oh, no, no, this is another.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, yeah, no worries. I'll be sending that in just a moment. So we'll do on CPA.
Ramon Otero: Whoops.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, I accidentally hit the wrong button, but let me try that again here. Okay, I'm just gonna add your email address right there. So I'm gonna hit save, and I'm adding you as a customer. If I click this button, that would be for setting up the payment authorization form. Not doing it for you in this example, but what it looks like for your customer to get an invoice. So I've added you as a customer. Now we're just gonna go to get paid. Let me go to new invoice here.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Find you. And what is the typical range of invoices that you're working with?
Ramon Otero: In the amount or?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, like the range. What are the smallest and largest?
Ramon Otero: Between, in a monthly basis, between $200 and $800. What's a $850.
Colton O'Farrell: And that's mostly one time engagements or are any of those recurring?
Ramon Otero: Yeah, recurring every month.
Colton O'Farrell: It's recurring generally.
Ramon Otero: Cool. Yeah. And also, and taxes is the one that increased the limit. It goes over 1,500. I see your. No, no, this. Oops. So if I'm just going to be.
Colton O'Farrell: Attaching a sample invoice in here, so this isn't one that's generated from Nickel, but it's just to show you that you can attach any kind of PDFs or invoices as needed. But here, so you can see the invoice that I'm generating right here. So it's a recurring invoice. It will be for $500 every month, similar to what you have set up for your customers. So I'm going to go ahead and hit create. We have that secured payment link. It's going to be sent to you So via I'm sending email.
Ramon Otero: It now.
Colton O'Farrell: While I'm waiting for that to hit your inbox, I'll just open it up in a new tab so you can kind of see and you can let me know when you get that invoice. But I see, so you got it already?
Ramon Otero: Yes, I see you have a new payment request.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, so that's what your customer would see. And if they hit that Pay Now button, they will be brought directly to this screen here. So it's gonna show your name, email, your branded logo, invoice name or number, the amount, the invoice attached right there. And then they have two options to pay. So if they want to pay via ACH and via their bank, there's no fee there. They would just have to enter their routing and account number, hit pay, or if they want to pay via credit card, they can also do that. But 100% of that surcharge will be paid for by your customer. So they just said, card details, you are going to get the net amount. So you would get the $500 and Nickel would take the 1495, the PCI compliance elements, we would handle all of that. If, so I know you don't want to pay any kind of credit card surcharge fees. I did want to point out though that you do have full control over how that's set up. So if you go into settings and go to get paid here, this is the default global rule. So what this says here is that if your customer wants to pay via credit card, 100% of that credit card fee will be charged by your customer. But it'd say you have full control over this. So you could adjust this to be any percentage if you wanted to split it. 50-50, if you wanted to do 25-75 or fully eat the cost, you can do that. But this is the global rule. However, you can actually override this global rule on an individual invoice level. So if we come back to this invoice right here that I had already sent you, so I can go to settings. If I wanted to, I could disable credit card payments or I could override the global rule. So for this invoice only, let's say we have an agreement, Ramon with you that we're going to split that fee 50-50. you can come in here, edit that, and you can adjust that fee. So you do have control over that. But if you have this turned off, then it's just gonna be the default global rule.
Ramon Otero: The 2.9. And also for American Express is more, right?
Colton O'Farrell: No, it's the same.
Ramon Otero: Is it the same 2.99? Yep. Okay. Okay. And that's including also in the core version, right?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. So let me go ahead and bring up the pricing just to talk through this and explain it a little bit. So we really have two plans at Nickel. So we have our Nickel Core and the Nickel Plus. The main difference is that the Nickel Core is 100% a free plan. The only way you would pay anything on this is if you were to go in and adjust that credit card surcharge rule and your customers pay via credit card and you've agreed to eat some of the costs. Otherwise, if you're not doing that, there wouldn't be any kind those of costs being that on you your only end. can have There three are active some limitations users on on the account. the free plan, however. You can only do up to $25,000 per ACH transaction. So that's not cumulative, meaning you could do 100 of those. You just cannot do one at like, say, 26,000.
Ramon Otero: Okay, more than that.
Colton O'Farrell: Exactly. You also get access to our customer payment portal. So that can be found right here. A lot of our customers will take this and actually embed it directly into their website. this is fully customizable. You would just come into settings and go to, whoops, let me just zoom out a smidge here. Yeah, right here you can adjust all of what would show up in that payment portal right there. But again, like I said, our customers will, a lot of them will take this embed it in their website. It kind of serves.
Ramon Otero: Yeah, that's what I'm planning to do. So that way, that way, your people can help me to to embed that in the website?
Colton O'Farrell: So it's already set up, all you would have to do is copy this link and just paste it into the language for your website.
Ramon Otero: Oh, okay. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: So it's fully ready for you, you just have to take it and have to embed it in your website.
Ramon Otero: Okay. I will call them and find out because it's another company that handle the website.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Otherwise, yeah, too. I mean, you could always take this link, copy it, text it to somebody too if they need, and this a lot of times will serve as like a backup method or just an option so that your customers don't really have any excuse that they can't pay you. Again, it's gonna be the same 2.99% for a card or it's free if they use ACH via their bank.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Some other-.
Ramon Otero: However, on the website, if I want to do it from my desktop, I can generate the invoice, but I cannot receive the payment. How I do that? I go to your website?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so you would be sending all of your invoices would be sent via Nickel.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Or you could have the payment portal that your customers would come to and pay you. But the reason you want to use Nickel is because you will be charged ACH processing fees if you send them through Sage 50 or if you send them through some of the other solutions you're looking for. With Nickel, all ACH is always 100% free. So it doesn't matter if you're not paying us anything or if you're, you know, paying customer on the Nickel Plus plan, it is free for all of our customers across the board.
Ramon Otero: So I will generate the invoice through your website. Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: So you can generate the invoices elsewhere if you wanted to. We could get them uploaded via CSV. It's just you have to send them through Nickel for sure. You could also make them through us if you'd like it that's simpler for you. you could absolutely do that too though.
Ramon Otero: Okay. Okay. So yeah, because I was worrying that I have it in the website, but sometimes the client take more time than they should to pay the invoice. So I prefer to do it from my side and they will receive the payment notification. Right.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely. You know, those are great call outs. I just wanted to quickly explain the difference with Plus. I think Nickel Core should be able to meet a lot of your but there are some limitations, like I mentioned with the users and the transaction limit. You also cannot do scheduling or recurring payments on the free plan. That's only on the Nickel Plus plan. So for Nickel Plus, you get everything that I mentioned on core, plus some additional features. So it's either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month billed one time as a $420 subscription. So we give you a 20% discount there. What we do with that is so on the free plan, ACH processing generally takes two to three business days. We are still required to get those submitted before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, but as long as we get them submitted before then, it's generally a two to three business day turnaround time on the free plan. On the Nickel Plus, we speed that up. So it's generally same day to two day turnaround time as long as you meet the cutoff time. There's no limits how many users you can have on the account. We bump up the transaction limit from 25,000 to just under $1,000,000 per transaction. You can schedule payments in advance, you can do recurring payments in advance, and there's no other fees associated with the Nickel Plus unless you were eating some of the credit card surcharge from your customers or you were paying bills with Nickel and you wanted to use a credit card. But otherwise, there's no transaction fees or.
Ramon Otero: Hidden fees with Nickel. Probably I will go with Nickel Core.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, right now of and course.
Ramon Otero: See how If it you works.
Colton O'Farrell: Ever need to upgrade as well, so my role is to really just inform you of what the options are. It's for you to make the best decision that's per your unique requirements. But you do have the ability to self-serve at any time. So you can just come into settings, go to plans, and if at any point you need to upgrade to Nickel Plus, you can do that. We give all our customers a 14-day free trial of Nickel Plus. If you try it and then decide, hey, this is too much or unnecessary for my business, you're always able to revert back to the Nickel core plan as well. So just call that out. This is like a business demo account. I don't have the actual accountant view, but when you set up as an accountant view, you'll have a tab here that also lists your clients and you would be able to have visibility over what your clients are doing within Nickel as well if they add you as an authorized user.
Ramon Otero: And to send a CSV file, how I do it through your website or.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so you would want to download a CSV file from Sage 50 that has all your invoices, that has all your customers. And then when you're getting set up with our team, you can send them that CSV file. They will upload it for you and get everything populated into nickel.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But after that, after that's all in there, I would probably recommend in your use case, if you're okay with it and it makes sense for you, I mean, I would come in here and do the invoicing just directly through Nickel if you're able to, because it's in.
Ramon Otero: Order to have it set up there already. Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: So once we get all your customers and everything added from that CSV file, they would just be in here. You'd come in, you'd find the customer, and you could just fire off any kind of invoice that you need for them, and you can attach the invoices or any kind of documents if necessary.
Ramon Otero: Okay. And how about the security?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, that's a great question. I'm glad you brought it up. So nickel is known. That's one of the major kind of benefits of a lot of that are a lot of our customers use us for security. So I'm going to pull, go ahead and pull up our security and payment data protection page here, and I'm happy to link this and follow up. via email. But basically what you need to know is that Nickel is SOC 2 compliant, so we're protecting all of your information, all of your customers' information. Nickel is designed so only you need to see what's relevant to you, only your customers need to see what's relevant to them. If there's ever any kind of credit card processing fees, again, we handle all the PCI compliance standards. When it comes to sending those secured payment links, so the one that I had copied and pasted into the new tab earlier, That is all of our links are going to be protected with encryption, tokenization. We are simply the processor. So we're taking money from your customers into your account. It's never our money, but we are always moving it in FDIC insured account. So your money is always protected. Also how we work as well, which is something that a lot of our customers like, is that Nickel is the one who's on the front line for our customers. We, when you are receiving payments from your customers, we are vetting everything. We are taking money from our account and getting it into your account as quickly as possible. And then when your customer's payment comes through, that comes into our account essentially. But we are the one, so we would be protecting you against any kind of fraud or bad actors. Nickel would be the one kind of on the front lines there and protecting our customers in that way.
Ramon Otero: And what is one ACH trail? What is the process?
Colton O'Farrell: What's that?
Ramon Otero: What happened if 1-800 fail?
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, if it fails? Yeah, so that would pop up in your Get Paid Transaction tab here. Oh, sorry, actually it would be the transaction tab right here. So this would list all your receivables, payables, refunds, returns, and chargebacks. So that would be listed there. You'd be notified that the payment failed. our team would be happy to assist and get that resolved for you. If it is something though that it's like just continually failing on the customer end that they might have like questions about supporting the business. But that's generally how that works.
Ramon Otero: Yes, because I have one client that he generated a lot of money, but he spent a lot of money. However, so far never failed a payment with me. but with other vendors, he has failed. But it's just in case to have the notion.
Colton O'Farrell: And we understand, you know, it's not your fault if your clients, if like a client is having a payment failure here and there, but if it was like just every single payment, large payments, like very large amounts and they were just constantly failing, that would be something, you know, Nickel will take a look at and obviously it's true.
Ramon Otero: But, okay. And if I refer my clients, it's just 200 bonus. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So I wanted to call this out as well. So, you know, for your business model, I think Plus does make sense because of the recurring nature of some of your business and for half of your clients paying that way. If you were able to bring two businesses onto Nickel, we'd give you $500 which means you would have an entire year's worth of Nickel Plus completely for free. Plus on top of that, we would give you $80 in addition to that. So, you know, our Nickel Plus subscription is $420 a year. If we give you $500, that's where you can see where that number comes from.
Ramon Otero: Yeah, the difference. And how that work? If I click there and refer the clients, and they need to put my name. Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: So you, you will have your referral URL. So you would share this with the business. They would simply click the link, that link, and then it would tie them to, to you in terms of getting.
Ramon Otero: Okay. Okay. Yeah, well, before that, I will call them because right now I, I have a couple of them. They are paying a lot in, in fees. CH fees.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep.
Ramon Otero: Especially, I think, Clover. I have a couple of restaurants and I see the feeder they're charging is crazy.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely.
Ramon Otero: The only thing is because the convenience, because they have this little equipment to do it. But I don't know how you can work with them in the POS system. Right. How that would work with the restaurant.
Colton O'Farrell: So we don't have like a live terminal for, are you talking about like smaller purchases, like a POS system of the servers?
Ramon Otero: They need to go to the website to your website to enter all the credit card transactions.
Colton O'Farrell: I mean, so we would work and we could help them on maybe like the vendor side of things or paying their bills. So we have a lot of restaurants and like wholesale Distributor grocery companies who use us on the accounts payable side. Right now we don't have like a physical machine or something that a customer could pay on. We don't have like a squared kind of tap or anything yet. We are working on some products that will be like a mobile app that will be in the future, but that probably won't be until later this year that that actually goes live. So right now it probably wouldn't make sense unless they just want to use us for like paying bills. So paying bills via Nickel on the accounts payable side. Very simple. It works the exact same as the accounts receivable side. You just put a new bill, you find who you want to pay, you can enter the amount, attach the invoice, the reason for the payment. We'll just do a sample here quick. So to make a payment, you can select how you want to pay that. So there is a fee if you want to use a credit card, but if you use your bank, again, there's no fee. In this example, myself, I haven't set up my delivery method, so that's why that's marked here, but your customer would have added their bank account or wherever they want that money, but then we give them a timeline. So it's going to be withdrawn from today. It will take one business day to get that money into their account and they should see it by Friday. So very simple on the accounts payable side as well.
Ramon Otero: So right now you don't have any device to handle it, to handle all that.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, some of our customers, so something that they've been doing is they've been taking this payment portal link Right here. And if you go to, actually, let's, yeah, right here, QR.io, a lot of people will paste that link into this right here, and then they can hit generate a QR code, which kind of looks just like this. So if you were to take your phone and scan this picture, this will populate that same portal that I just showed you. So it would populate this. If you wanted to try, Yeah, here let me pull it back up for you.
Ramon Otero: Right there. Okay, got it.
Colton O'Farrell: So that's kind of an option potentially. It's just a workaround as we build out the actual kind of mobile app and device that could be used for that scenario. But if that works for the customer, I mean, that's also a solution too.
Ramon Otero: Yes, because I have a restaurant, I have an auto body shop, Autobody Shop.
Colton O'Farrell: Would be really great. We have a lot of customers in that space.
Ramon Otero: Yeah, because they need that type of, most of them use mobile devices, but you know, it is to be more convenient than going to a website and doing it.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. And that's the reason that we're building that out, and especially we know there's a lot of companies where their guys are on site, like on a job site, they need to get paid there. And so having a device would be really helpful. like I, like I showed you, this QR code works in the meantime. It's a way that a customer can pay very simple and easily.
Ramon Otero: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But that the mobile app and device that will be rolled out later this year, so which will be much bigger Improvement. Plus, again, there's nobody out there that is providing free ACH. Like, it's just unheard of. So. Yeah, exactly.
Ramon Otero: I think I start my. my account. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So I wanted to talk about that. So did you go ahead and create your free account yet?
Ramon Otero: Yes, I created, but I think I haven't entered the bank. Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: So I was going to call that out. So that's the one thing that you need to do in order to start sending and receiving payments. You need to go to the payout method, link your bank. But once that's done, you're good to start sending and receiving payments. But we cannot do anything for you until until we have that done. And I did just want to call out a couple things because we do ask for some sensitive information and we're aware of that. But I wanted to just kind of explain the reasoning behind that, just so you're aware. And I'm sure you've, you know, heard this before, but essentially we just need to know who we're moving money for because of federal laws and compliance. So we do ask for, we use Plaid to securely link bank accounts. But if there's a reason that Plaid or a bank blocks Plaid, or doesn't provide enough data. We do have a team like compliance regulatory team that might ask for specific information. However, it's the information that they request, it's not optional because we uphold financial institutions and follow federal know your money or sorry, federal know your customer and anti-money laundering regulations under the bank secrecy act. We do have to require that. So if you have any trouble linking the bank account and the team's asking for that, just wanted to preface on why we're doing that.
Ramon Otero: Yeah, like, what, what document is specific, like SS4 bank information, what else?
Colton O'Farrell: So if you, if you use, like, connect to your bank account, Plaid should just pop up and be able to link us, you know, you enter information, you secure it. If Plaid works, you're all good and all set. But if Plaid, for whatever reason, does not work, then. Our team would reach out for like a government issued ID, bank statements, social security number, things like that.
Ramon Otero: Validate that customer.
Colton O'Farrell: Just for you getting your account set up, not for your customers.
Ramon Otero: Okay, I will try today in mine and that way I can learn your system and that way you can recommend it to my clients.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so Ramon, what I'm going to do is I'm going to send you a follow-up email that's going to have the demo recorded. So I have a recording that I'll share with you if you want to re-watch it for any questions you have or to share with your clients. I'll link our pricing page, I'll link our customer review page, and I'll also link the security and data protection information so you have it. But you have all the information you need to go ahead and use your account. You just got to link a payment method, but once you do that, you're ready to rock and roll. If you have any questions, you can, of course, respond to me via email. We also do, let me show you this quick before I forget, we're really well known for like So our if.
Ramon Otero: Support you and do customer have service.
Colton O'Farrell: Any questions, you can come right here in the help center. And we do have a live chat right here where we'll be addressing you. And that can always be, I can also escalate things if needed. So you're always able to contact me as well.
Ramon Otero: But you do have a phone number. That's great. Okay. I think I got all the information I need. And I will fulfill the bank information today.
Colton O'Farrell: Sounds great, Ramon.
Ramon Otero: We go from there.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, sounds great. We're really excited to support your business and can't wait to have you as a customer. So thank you so much for your.
Ramon Otero: Time and thanks for coming soon, okay? Okay, thank you very much. Bye-bye now. Bye-bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3089569.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011941Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
