---
title: Peter Trang and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-08-01'
time: '16:30:41'
duration_sec: 2255.64
duration_min: 37.6
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Peter Trang <3tgroup2024@gmail.com>
- Peter Trang <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 19
---

Peter Trang: .
Colton O'Farrell: Hey Peter.
Peter Trang: Hey Colton, how are you doing?
Colton O'Farrell: Doing really well. How about yourself?
Peter Trang: Not too bad, not too bad.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Made it to Friday. Hopefully you have a nice relaxing or exciting weekend planned.
Peter Trang: I don't know about exciting, but it's a weekend, you know, it's, it's, I have a 13 year old son, so the weekends kind of revolve around his activities, so. Right.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah. Is he playing?
Peter Trang: I'm just a chauffeur.
Colton O'Farrell: Is he playing sports or anything that you're traveling for or.
Peter Trang: Not, not exactly, but he does have, he does attend classes and things, not, not the traditional. Sports. He does a lot of acrobatic things. Oh, they call this.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, I've actually done trapeze before.
Peter Trang: Okay. It's called tricking. I don't know if you ever heard of tricking. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: What?
Peter Trang: It's a. It's a cross between gymnastics and martial arts. They do a lot of kicks and flips and. And they're different moves. And then he does this swords class that he takes on. On the weekend, so it's. different things that we take him to.
Colton O'Farrell: So that's really awesome. Wow, that sounds super exciting. A lot more interesting than what I'm doing this weekend. But I'm just based in Chicago. Most of our team's in the office in Brooklyn, New York. Okay. But right now in Chicago, we actually have like the worst air quality in the world right now due to the wildfires in like Canada. So don't know if I'll be doing.
Peter Trang: Much outdoor activity this weekend.
Colton O'Farrell: Sorry to hear that. Yeah, we have a Lollapalooza too this weekend. So a huge music concert and festival. So I that. feel bad But for the people that are anyways, outdoors I do appreciate for you joining this call today, Peter. It was really helpful talking to you yesterday just to learn a little bit more about what you have in place, kind of what you're looking for in a solution. I know you had some questions. We were able to answer that, many of them. And I'm happy to show you more of the actual platform and kind of just basic workflows. But would love to learn more about, you know, what's going on. I know you had worked with Melio before, Wingspan and Tolo recently. But if you have other questions that have arisen since our previous conversation, happy to address those now and can just demonstrate what the platform looks like.
Peter Trang: Sure. I understand you mentioned there is a need to sort of have separate accounts app. Is that an application process or how does that look like?
Colton O'Farrell: You would just register each individual account. You would just add a payment method in order to essentially activate those so you can send and receive payments via that account. But we'll basically have it on there so that you can just log in and be able to toggle between your different accounts.
Peter Trang: Okay. So is it almost like the accountant view, I guess what that looks like?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it would be similar, except you would be instead of like the accountant view, like where they're just getting access to like look into your platform, you would be like the administrator and have like full control essentially. So similar, but a little different on that end.
Peter Trang: Okay. And how soon if we let's just say after the demo, I go, yes, this is what I wanted to do. How soon can I get that activated? So I just sign up and it's.
Colton O'Farrell: Active or... You sign up, so here you would sign up, create your account, you just go into settings and link a payment method. Once you link your bank account, you're good to start sending and receive payments. Generally, there might be a slight delay with the first payment just because we have our compliance and regulatory team that just needs to check their boxes. You know, there's know your customer, anti-money laundering, of course federal we have to follow, laws but and after practices. that, there should be no delay with any of the payment processing that you're doing.
Peter Trang: Okay. And then the one thing is, because I'm switching, this is my second time switching within the last year. I'm trying to minimize the effect on my contractors and minimize the need for the lift on their end. You mentioned that if we have the information, payment authorization. Yeah, well, we have Not the payment after, we have maybe all the bank account information. Yeah. For contractors that we pay, can we just enter it on their behalf and then when we're sending payments, they don't have to do anything essentially?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. So what we'll do is you just go to, you can go to vendors right here, like click vendor, go to new vendor, and it's going to prompt you if you add their information, you can enter it yourself. So you'd enter their name, what kind of business they are, address, the payout details there. But if you don't have that, we can just send them a form to fill out. You would just enter their name, their email, and they would just enter that in.
Peter Trang: Okay. So if we entered everything and we make a payment via Nickel, they would just get an email or they would.
Colton O'Farrell: Just go directly to email or SMS, whatever option you select for them.
Peter Trang: Okay. Okay, and then they will get notification that they're getting paid and it will go straight into their account. They don't have to do anything.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so let me just see if I can... So Peter, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to add you as a vendor to our group here and I'll just kind of show you what they would see on their side.
Peter Trang: Okay. Yeah, I'll send you my, I'll share with you my personal email so that way you can... Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: If you want to just put it, throw it in the chat that... Yeah.
Peter Trang: Do it right now. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. All right. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to ask you to fill out this form. So we'll just put in.
Peter Trang: This.
Colton O'Farrell: All right. I'm going to go ahead and invite you to this. So I'll show you what your customers will see.
Peter Trang: So you'll get that email. I'm sorry, I've seen the two options require ACH. What is that those for?
Colton O'Farrell: So with this email that you're going to get, so your vendors will have two options to choose how they get paid. So they can either choose to be paid out via ACH or we could choose to mail them a paper check. Paper check obviously is going to take longer. There's a two day or a $2 processing fee with that, but the ACH is generally going to be if you're a plus customer with us, it's same day to if you're two day on turnaround the time. free Nickel Core plan, it's generally two to three days turnaround time. But once you fill out that information, I'll actually just send you some money here just to show you how quickly and easily the solution works. But if you fill out your information there, I'll just quickly send you some money to show you what the bill pay looks like for us.
Peter Trang: Okay. Nope, I see the good distribution, Inc. wants to get you.
Colton O'Farrell: I'll just my demo down here.
Peter Trang: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: And I'll delete your information, of course, once we're done with this. But just demonstrate how it works.
Peter Trang: Okay. Set up your vendor profile. It started. I'm just gonna put on my individual. Okay, cool.
Colton O'Farrell: All set?
Peter Trang: Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: So I'm just going to go ahead and show you how that bill pay would work. So you mentioned you were using QuickBooks Online as well?
Peter Trang: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, cool. So you could also just bring in everything in with the integration that we have. So you just go to account settings, You could link your QuickBooks account. Everything would flow in from the accounts receivable side there, accounts payable side here. So all your bills would come in, you would just have to come into this far right hand side to payment in progress, click make a payment on any of these, or you can generate a new bill directly through Nickel. So that's what I'm going to do for you. So I'm just going to find you, just gonna pay you $50.
Peter Trang: And just.
Colton O'Farrell: Go, oops, let's go back to that. Awesome. So we go and make a payment. So let's say you added your bank account there. So if we're going to do the credit card, you can see here that it's going to be withdrawn today and it's going to be delivered same day. If I were to do the credit card, there is a 2.9% fee there for the credit card surcharge processing. I'm going to switch to the bank account though, just to remove that fee. It is going to make that essentially one business day. So the credit card will be faster. We're going to pay you via ACH with no fee that should arrive. Well, obviously it's the weekend, so you'll get that by Monday. I'm going to hit review, pay. Just going to put a note here.
Peter Trang: Oops.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Starting to hit pay. I'm going to get a receipt right there. Just go ahead and open that so you can see what that will look like. I'm also happy to send this to you via email, but this is kind of a sample of what your receipt will look like. This is a symbol and kind of company logo for this Dagra distribution account. So you can go into settings and adjust all of that. So come in here, add your branded logo. You can add a banner for the customer payment portal that all customers also get set up with. So that payment portal I mentioned can be found right here on the accounts receivable side. So I'm not sure if you'd be using as much for accounts receivable. It sounds like it was more accounts payable.
Peter Trang: Yeah, most of my vendors, I mean, my clients send me checks, paper checks, but I do have a few that do pay through, so that'd be perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so we have this payment portal. Most of our customers will just take this and embed it in their website. So it's fully customizable. Essentially, this just serves as a one like a backup method for some of our customers to receive payments in case the primary method's not working, or some of them just will use this as the primary method. So it's a one-stop shop to allow for payments.
Peter Trang: So is that a payment link that I can just add it to my QuickBooks invoices as well?
Colton O'Farrell: So yeah, if you would like to, you could do that. Otherwise we generate it. So every company that gets set up with us, they get access to this payment portal. It's like their own merchant link. So of course, most of our customers will embed it in their own website, but when you're actually generating individual invoices or pulling those in from QuickBooks Online, they will all have their own individual secure hyperlinks.
Peter Trang: Yeah, but each one will require me to embed it, add it to my invoice, right? Because I used it.
Colton O'Farrell: No, so just the payment portal, that is just like one link. If you wanted to embed that in your website, most customers will have that set up so customers can just come into the website and make a payment. or and in addition to that, they might just be sending individual payment links, which I'll show you here. So I'm just going to generate a new invoice quick right here. I'll just send it to you. So where am I? First, there we are. We'll call this 146. Actually, let's call this 147-28015. And then for those invoice ranges that you're sending to customers to get paid on, what does that typical kind of range look like for you?
Peter Trang: Oh, that you're issuing? Amount? Mm-. It varies really, let's say 5,000.
Colton O'Farrell: 5,000? Cool. What is the highest invoice generally that you're sending to customers to be paid? Is it plus, is it below or over like 25,000?
Peter Trang: It's right below the highest I have sent an invoice recently was almost $100,000. Okay. Yeah. Is there limits? What are the limits?
Colton O'Farrell: I will show you the pricing page once I just kind of walk through this. So we have essentially two plans though. It's the Nickel Core Plan, which is our completely free plan, or there's Nickel Plus. the pre-plan there is a limit to ACH processing per transaction, which is $25,000. It's not cumulative, meaning you could do 100 of those, just can't do one at $26,000. But on the plus plan, we bump up that limit to just under a million dollars per transaction. So also all of your invoices and attachments from QuickBooks are going to automatically be brought over. But since I'm generating this invoice myself within Nickel, I just grabbed like a sample one just to show you that you can attach that.
Peter Trang: Okay, so It's going to be automatically attached. Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I'm going to hit create. So your customer is going to get this secure payment link. So I'm going to email this myself. If you wanted to send it via text, you could do so as well. Sending that now and it'll be hit in my inbox in just a moment. But while I am sending that, I'm also just copying and pasting that link in a new browser so you can see what it would look like before you send to your customer. So it shows my name, my email, invoice the company name branded or number, the logo, amount, memo, invoice attached. They want to pay via bank for free with ACH. They could do that right there. Just need their routing and account numbers. They want to pay via credit card. They can also do that. There is a 2.99% fee on the accounts receivable side. What it looks like on the email side, they're going to get an email like this saying you have a new payment request. There's the amount, same invoice that we just generated. There's the attachment. If they hit reply all in there, they'll automatically be CC'd on any communication. When they hit pay now, they're just gonna be brought to the same screen that I had open a moment ago.
Peter Trang: So essentially I can create the invoices in QuickBooks and send all the requests.
Colton O'Farrell: From your- Exactly, and you'll want that because if you send them through QuickBooks online, they're gonna charge you at least a 1-2% ACH processing fee.
Peter Trang: Yeah, yeah, we never utilize QuickBooks payment. Yeah, because there's a fee to that.
Colton O'Farrell: Right.
Peter Trang: But I just sent invoices through them for them to send me a check, right? But if I were to send it through you from your end, then the payment link is there, the request is there, and my logo, my everything is in there.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly.
Peter Trang: Okay. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: So I'll quickly just kind of walk through the pricing just to explain a little bit more about that. But like I mentioned, we have those two plans. So the Nickel Core is the completely free plan. Nickel Plus is the paid subscription. That's at $45 monthly or it's $35 a month with an annual subscription billed once for $420. There's no other hidden fees or transaction fees. The only way that you're paying anything in addition to this is if you are eating some of the credit card surcharge on the accounts receivable side, which by default 100% of that is to be paid for by your customer. But you do have control to go over there and change the global settings or on just an individual invoice level. But also, if you're paying bills via your credit card, which I know you will be, there's the 2.9% fee on that side. But again, I think the Nickel Plus plan would be most applicable to you just given the size of payments that you're making with this plan. You'll get unlimited active users on your account. We, like I mentioned, we will allow for up to a million dollars per transaction. You can schedule payments.
Peter Trang: What is considered an active user, I guess? Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So if you go into, let's go into settings. So an active user would be an administrator or a manager. So you have these two right here. And then we also have members which have restricted access. So they can't perform any actions. They can only get like view only access. So you can have like, so my.
Peter Trang: Vendors, sorry to cut you off, my vendors are not an active user. No.
Colton O'Farrell: None of your customers have to even use us. They just simply have to have an email or a text, like a phone number where they can receive text messages. And if they have that, they can work with us. If they want to sign up and use Nickel, they can also do that. And I didn't want to stress this little box here. So, yeah, Nickel's $420 annually on the annual subscription. But if you refer two businesses on a Nickel, you'll have your own referral link. oh, sorry, it locked me out there.
Peter Trang: So can I refer my own other businesses? Obviously, I have four or four entities, right?
Colton O'Farrell: So, yeah, I believe it would have to be separate, like, business owners. But you, if you do refer on to other businesses, I mean, I'm happy to check with the team. I believe they wouldn't, it's only for, like, new, like, business owners who aren't familiar with nickel because, yeah, I don't think they would go for that. But I'm happy to ask on your behalf.
Peter Trang: Yeah, because I wanna, I wanna I want, obviously I'm probably will look for the nickel plus, but I wanted to see if there's any discount or offering that you guys can work with me signing up for four businesses, you know?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, you know, let me double check on that and ask before I give you any kind of confirmation just because I haven't got that question yet, but it is honestly a good one. But what I was going to say is if you refer two businesses on a nickel, I mean, we'd pay you 500 bucks, which would be, so you have this referral code there. But that would cover a full year's worth of Nickel Plus. Plus we'd give you 80 bucks in addition to that. So for the businesses that you're looking at, what are you doing? So this doesn't change in terms of your pricing with us, but it is helpful to know, obviously, internal, how big our customers are, what they're expecting to do in transactions. But what is the annual revenue for these companies individually and maybe just cumulatively if that's easier?
Peter Trang: Okay, well, if it's cumulatively, we do about a little bit over, maybe in terms of revenue, maybe a little bit over 2 million.
Colton O'Farrell: 2 million? Okay, cool. Like I said, it doesn't change pricing or anything, it's just helpful to know.
Peter Trang: So we, one of my one business, which is the one that we get ACH volume from, up to over 100,000 some time to time. But I never, they pay me directly through ACH. They pay me through there. We utilized, they have a sort of a procurement portal that we utilize. So they will never use Nickel to pay me via ACH. So I'm not worried about the limits on there. So as far as the 25,000 limit, I think it's fine. I might be able to get away with just using the start, the Nickel Core for all my businesses just to start.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, of course. You are able to upgrade at any point in time within your settings. So you just go to plans and you can upgrade right there. We do give all customers a 14 day free trial of Nickel Plus. If it's too much for you, like in terms of functionality that you don't need, you can always revert back to the free plan. But we did design like pricing and everything to try to be as straightforward as possible. There's no, like I mentioned, no hidden transactions or fees. So we don't even right now charge anything for like return fees or chargebacks from our customers. If it becomes something where it's like a consistent problem, where we're losing money on that, we obviously have the right to review the account and suspend service. But right now, I mean, we don't even charge for that.
Peter Trang: So. How long years in business? I guess that's the question.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, 2022. So we have since then and we have been exploding with growth. We have over 10,000 customers who use us for accounts receivable, accounts payable, or both. We have a five-star review on G2. I'm not sure if you got a chance to check that out, but we're also ranked as the number one easiest to use payment solution by them. Happy to link those resources for you as well. And I could also, I guess, just show right here. I'm not sure if you're familiar with G2, but it is one of the gold standards for online review platforms.
Peter Trang: I am.
Colton O'Farrell: Nice.
Peter Trang: Just for full transparency, I used to work in fintech as well.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, nice.
Peter Trang: Yeah, I was a implementation manager for a fintech company that paid contractors and we did very similar. And I actually used their their services for a short period when I mentioned wingspan, that's their company I work for. But ultimately they gear towards, like you said, a lot bigger companies and so their pricing is a higher so.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, we, I mean we're really designed specifically like small to mid-sized businesses. I mean our Plus plan supports multi-million dollar corporations. We have a couple, we have this Nickel, let's see, Nickel custom like pricing, it's called Nickel Pro. We only have a couple customers on that right now, but on the Nickel Plus, I mean, the majority of our customers, even if they're doing 100 million plus in revenue, they're still on kind of the Nickel Plus plan. But we have tons of businesses who are just using us on Nickel Core completely for free, even if we're not making money off of them. We have found internally that, you know, at least one out of five invoices is generally paid for via a credit card. So, I mean, you make customers happy by providing a free service and something that no one else provides. There used to be like Melio and QuickBooks Online, build.com, all of them who provided this service. Then overnight they essentially changed that pissed off a lot of their customers and Nickel just saw that we had a huge opening in the market and we've gotten raving fans and reviews since then. and we're just, yeah, growing really fast and excited for the business lies.
Peter Trang: But I I I think I'm, I'm set. I'm gonna sign up for your nickel, I guess, core first again for my businesses and, and let get back to me regarding any discounts if, you know, the other question I asked, I guess is. You mentioned $2 for mailing checks. Is it per check, I guess, I'm assuming?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, per check on the accounts payable side. So if you, you know, I sent that link to you. If you were to send a click like you want to receive a check, there would be a $2 fee for that. I would recommend and push your customers to do the ACH because that's the way that they're going to get that in their account the fastest. So it's in their benefit to obviously speed up their cash flow and just do the ACH side of it. if they're really old school and they really prefer checks, we can do that.
Peter Trang: But I would, yeah, unfortunately, I have a few that I've kind of recommended ACH, obviously, but like you said, there's still a few vendors that prefer checks. So at some point, is that $2 ever, is the core, the plus, or.
Colton O'Farrell: It is for both plans right now? It's just a $2 flat fee for checks if a customer wants to receive a payment via check.
Peter Trang: A vendor, you talk about me? Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: On the accounts payable side of your vendor.
Peter Trang: Payable, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly.
Peter Trang: Okay. How about 1099s or annual tracking? Any reporting that you guys provided in Nickel itself, it's a platform. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So I know the team is pushing some pretty major product features in those departments that should be, they plan to have them before any kind of like tax season and all that is required, but they will be pushing those out in the next, I believe, like two-ish months. Right now, there's not a ton of functionality with that, but I know it's something the team is actively working on. And I believe the last time I got an update from that, it sounded like it was gonna be about two months away.
Peter Trang: Okay, so right now there's no reporting or no way for me to run reports or pull reports. You can.
Colton O'Farrell: So you can download like CSV from your customers. so within nickel here. So we do have our summary transaction page here. We do have the transactions there. So from everything on receivables, payables, refunds, returns, chargebacks, can download any of these as a CSV file, but nothing like specifically in terms of like finite or like granular reporting level.
Peter Trang: Yeah. Yeah. How about when I'm for my bill pay side, does it show up like say I sent someone an email requesting them to fill out their information, does it show up that who's still pending, who hasn't provided their... Yeah, so what.
Colton O'Farrell: You would see, you would just see that they have not linked any kind of payment method. So you would be able to see, so you click, you could see that they have their payment here, but if it's someone like this is just Uber 10 vendor we've added, it would list this delivery method is unchecked.
Peter Trang: Is there any way to, I mean, you have to click it into each one or is there a way to kind of filter by that?
Colton O'Farrell: So right now, I don't believe there is the filtering options on seeing. I can double check with the team if they pushed out any kind of feature requests on that side of things, but generally it is you just click into the vendor, you would see what they would list for their delivery method, whether it's their bank account or they want to check with their address, but that's generally how most of our customers are managing that.
Peter Trang: Okay. The one, maybe a suggestion for you or to your team is. Yeah, please. Like how you see how the vendor name, maybe even if you gray it out or put some, change it to a different color or something, right? That's a red or maybe make it green when it's all fully completed. If it's still pending status, maybe I.
Colton O'Farrell: Do know they send alerts for, like, so if a customer has a card on file that's about to expire, there will be alerts sent for that.
Peter Trang: Sure.
Colton O'Farrell: I'm not sure if they have alerts set up for a customer hasn't linked a payment, but if you were to go try to make a payment, let's say for this absolute coffee, if I was to try to do a new bill for them, put it in here as a dollar, test, make a payment, it's not gonna be able to complete that because they haven't added any kind of delivery method. So it's essentially where the stop is there with the workflow. So you wouldn't be able to process the bill. without having that added.
Peter Trang: Can we schedule payments ahead of time or schedule a payment for certain? How do I do that?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. Great question. So you just go to Bill Pay, I mean, you can set up, so you can do recurring bills, you can do one-time bills. So we were going to do recurring, you just add who is it to, say the payment amount, the start date, how often it is. But yes, you can schedule with us. So the one caveat is you cannot do it on Nickel core, so you wouldn't be able to test it out on Nickel core. Recurring payments, scheduling payments, and payment authorization like debit pulls from your customer accounts, that those are only available on the Nickel Plus plan. But you can schedule payments in advance.
Peter Trang: But on the Nickel core, I cannot schedule ahead, not recurring, but just You.
Colton O'Farrell: Can'T schedule payments ahead on Nickel Core, unfortunately, just on Nickel Plus. So we allow for free ACH processing for all customers. There's the $25,000 limit per transaction on Core. You're not allowed to do scheduling payments, recurring, or payment like auto debit authorization polls from your customer. Those are only Plus features essentially.
Peter Trang: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But yes, you would on Nickel Plus be able to schedule any of those. recurring or one-time bills payments to be made.
Peter Trang: Okay, so I. Okay, got it.
Colton O'Farrell: Peter, what other questions do you have? It sounds like this looks like a good solution for you. Obviously, you'd have to get in there, test it out and see kind of what. What makes the most sense for you, but just kind of curious with where your head's at right now.
Peter Trang: Yeah, I think it looks good. I'm. I'm excited to. To give it a shot, but I think they're still lacking some features that I'm hoping that your team will. Will. add and start building out?
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely.
Peter Trang: Yeah, I'm open to doing the Nickel Plus if you have those additional features. Maybe that's where the cutoff line is saying. I had a question in mind that just kind of lost.
Colton O'Farrell: Disappeared somewhere.
Peter Trang: Exactly, exactly. Ah, shoot. We're all the time.
Colton O'Farrell: We were talking about payment authorization forms. We're talking about the scheduling, the reoccurring payments. feature requests.
Peter Trang: I guess the, you know, a lot of times is obviously you're in the sales side when I do set up, how about service and support? How does that work?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no, great, great call out there. So, I mean, I would be your account manager, so you're always welcome to reach out to me to just questions or if you need something escalated, but We are really well known for providing excellent customer support. We do have like the help center here, which you can chat with our team directly. Generally, responses are 30 minutes to an hour, kind of that's the farthest or biggest gap of time, generally that most of our average time our customers take to get in touch with our team, but you would be able to just communicate with the team directly, can communicate with me, You can also email help@getnickel.com and there's always going to be somebody available to jump on a call with you, whether it's myself, whether it's somebody from our engineering or customer success teams. But if you look at our reviews on G2, you will see that that's one of the main reasons that a lot of companies use us is, well, the one, the free ACH, the excellent customer support, and then the built-in, like the fraud protection that we have set up. We essentially are the ones on the front line and in front of our customers, our customers would not get hit like before fraud. We would be the ones that were taking on that risk. And so that's why we have our compliance and regulatory processes and, you know, with our sponsor bank, different regulations set up there as well, just to make sure our customers are all protected.
Peter Trang: Oh, the bulk payments. So I can just looks like I can select multiple and just hit pay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. Let me. Get that, yep. So you can send, you can just click whatever bills you want, go to pay bills and click to just complete those and it would pop up the screen if you want to put a message for each of those. So you would enter the delivery method, but you would be able to pay multiple bills at once.
Peter Trang: Yeah, so the delivery method is, if they didn't set something up yet.
Colton O'Farrell: Exactly, yep. So they would have to enter their ACA, like their bank information or the delivery address. If you have that, you could enter that information.
Peter Trang: And if you don't have it, what would you put in, I guess?
Colton O'Farrell: So you would have, I would recommend asking them for that information. You could set them up like as a customer again, where we could send a form for them to fill out and just complete that information for you.
Peter Trang: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: So what I'll do as well, just so you see this.
Peter Trang: Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: So just going to go ahead, delete. Awesome. But yes, you would just be able to send a payment or a vendor setup form to just enter their payment information if you don't have it is what would be my recommendation.
Peter Trang: And then I guess the toggle is on the, I see the bottom left, there's a toggle. drop down looks like. Are you about enough screen where you can toggle between the companies? Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: This is where that would be.
Peter Trang: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: For me, it's just I have the one account. So this is just for the settings there.
Peter Trang: So when I create my account, I create one account. And how do I add additional account within that's linked to me?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, let me get. So I know it sounds like you have like four-ish companies that you'd be registering. So let's just get this company set up initially. Let me follow up with the best recommendations from the team for linking that. Otherwise we could also, let me just follow up with the team just to see what their best recommendation would be for adding the multiple different company entities.
Peter Trang: Okay, perfect. You have my number. You can welcome to call me when you text me or reach out. I'm gonna set up the first company right now and then we'll go from there.
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect, and you will get an email from me today. So I'll list the, you know, the outstanding questions we have and kind of best practices, recommendations. Also link like a six-minute demo video that covers most of the workflows we walk through. If you have questions or want to share that with anyone else amongst your team, I'll provide our security, our pricing page. So you have all that. But if any questions do arise, you just let me know. Can email me, you have my direct number and my signature. Feel free to call me anytime.
Peter Trang: Okay, Peter?
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect. Thank you, Colton. Yeah, it's been a pleasure. We'll hope you have a great rest of your day and enjoy the weekend. And yeah, really cool to hear what your son's up to with the mixed.
Peter Trang: Martial arts, gymnastics, sword wheeling. That's crazy, but very cool. And yeah, it sounds like you- yeah, we do a certain tricking. Tricking.com, tricking and YouTube.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it's You can see I all mean, these videos it makes sense of with people all doing the flips tricking. and kind of where the name comes from. So yeah, definitely I'll definitely be Googling some YouTube videos for it. Awesome.
Peter Trang: Well, thanks so much, Peter. I'll talk to you later and hope you have a great weekend. Yep, perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: I will get open the account now. Just hit get started, is it? Yep. All right. You just have to link a payment method in order to essentially activate the account, to send or receive payments. But awesome. If you have any trouble though, just.
Peter Trang: I let me know. appreciate Otherwise it. Thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: We'Ll be speaking with you soon and we're excited to support your business.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3111271.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011941Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
