---
title: Joan Schafer and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-08-25'
time: '16:01:13'
duration_sec: 2216.68
duration_min: 36.9
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Joan Schafer <joan@questcabinetry.com>
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Joan <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 23
---

Colton O'Farrell: Platform, making it specific to your use cases, and we can go from there. But how does that sound?
Joan Schafer: That sounds great. That sounds great. Yes, my partner and I, my partner's name is Arlie, started Quest Cabinetry just about five years ago. It is a custom cabinetry design firm. We do quite a few high-end, mid to high-end projects is what we're doing. We use QuickBooks Online. Perfect. And we, you know, this has been something I've been looking at for one to two years in between like, oh, I gotta look at that and then I get off on Things that have to be done. But it just seems like I always kind of run into a wall of it just being way too expensive. Obviously, I think QuickBooks Online is like 1%.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, yeah, it's generally one to two percent. So you guys are doing 1%. Is that cash?
Joan Schafer: We don't use them at all.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, because of that. Because of that.
Joan Schafer: Because of that, yes. We just, mostly I would imagine. What's that?
Colton O'Farrell: Is it mostly checks then that you're getting?
Joan Schafer: Yeah, it's basically all checks. It's basically all techs, which has been okay. And, you know, just the kind of smaller town businesses that we're working with, nobody's really complained too much, except maybe direct to customer. You know, we work a lot with builders, interior designers, things like that. But like direct to customer, they're like, oh, can I pay with credit card?
Colton O'Farrell: You're like, you- credit, your customers have been asking for electronic payment methods.
Joan Schafer: A little bit, yeah. And you're like, we've always said no to credit cards, obviously, you know, the percentage, because our payments are anywhere from, we asked for a 10% retainer of the project, 50% when it's the cabinetry is ordered.
Colton O'Farrell: The schedule and order materials, and then the remainder.
Joan Schafer: Yeah, and then the remainder. 40%. We don't build the cabinetry, we work with custom cabinetry manufacturers.
Colton O'Farrell: You actually remind me of another one of our customers. And I noticed you guys also have a showroom as well. But we have one of our biggest customers is a Chicago brass, but they do very similar kind of Cabinetry and just, you can look them up. I think they have a showroom in Chicago, one in Minneapolis, but they actually may have even a case study for them. But they could, I could definitely see kind of similar what they had before Nickel, you know, implementing Nickel and maybe providing some of that over to you, 'cause I think it would be really well within your kind of realm and wheelhouse, so.
Joan Schafer: Okay, yeah. So like I said, you know, this year has been a little slower as it is kind of for everybody, I think in our, in the construction industry. So we're 2.5 to $3 million and I probably, you know, take to the bank, 10-ish checks.
Colton O'Farrell: Checks a month.
Joan Schafer: Checks a month. So it's low volume, high numbers.
Colton O'Farrell: So for the checks, are those dropped off in person a lot? Are they sent through the mail? What's kind of the, or all of the above?
Joan Schafer: They're sent through the mail. That's the other thing.
Colton O'Farrell: So have we lost, has there been checks lost in the mail or mail fraud? Anything like that?
Joan Schafer: Not lost, but incredibly delayed. And so, what was it?
Colton O'Farrell: What do you mean with incredibly delayed just in terms of like timeline?
Joan Schafer: We will literally not get mail for four or five days.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, wow.
Joan Schafer: I was just trying going to explain, you know, it's a booming town, prices, salaries really high. So our local post office literally can't usually deliver the mail every day. Wow. Business and, you know, residential. And actually, the business has been pretty steady for a while, but I would say in the last six months, you know, we must have had some turnover. So not only are people asking for it, but our delivery methodology is, you know, becoming less and less reliable with this supposed service. And then, of course, there's certain builders, you know, not most of them, most of them we work with are, you know, They send out $100,000 checks all the time, but then there's the smaller guys that are like, oh, I just don't really want to put this in the mail. So just looking for an ACH receipt. It's not really payments at this point because we have another methodology we use for that's Melio.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, you do use Melio.
Joan Schafer: Yeah, we do use Melio.
Colton O'Farrell: And that's curious with what you have set up for Melio. How long have you guys been with them for?
Joan Schafer: Oh, maybe about a year and a half.
Colton O'Farrell: Year and a half. Because Melio does do the same kind of pricing, especially for ACH, where they charge 1% on ACH.
Joan Schafer: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: And there's some other actually, you know, Melio is one of our biggest competitors, but we have a lot of customers that have come over from them. Our CEO actually wrote like an article direct kind of comparison between Melio and Nickel and what customers who were on the old pricing, they weren't having to pay really anything or any kind of ACH fees. But after they made that adjustment overnight, some customers went from paying nothing to hundreds or thousands of dollars per month. So I'm happy to link that article for you once we get off the call here. But curious with your experience with Melio, how's that been going? Something I hear a lot is support can be really challenging to reach. Just curious what your overall experience has been though.
Joan Schafer: Well, and the reason we started with Melio is we had changed bookkeepers about Not quite two years ago, and that's what they use. And so in order to get on with her, that's what we used.
Colton O'Farrell: Right.
Joan Schafer: And then we were very unhappy with her. So we switched again. And the gal that, you know, the company has taken it over now was like, let's just not change anything. You know, let's just work with Melio.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep.
Joan Schafer: Because that's what you guys have. And I think she's found it to be fine again, you know, relatively small volume. That's like five or six checks or ACHs flash checks a week. We have a, we just have one or two people that don't, well, we send a, one of our manufacturers in Canada, they can't receive ACH.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, they don't have a US backed bank.
Joan Schafer: Yeah, yeah. And so, you know, that's where we are. So I really just want to get ACH receipts in place, then moving over, if that makes sense from Melio is absolutely a possibility.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, well, I mean, we could absolutely help. You know, like I said, we have a lot of customers that have come over from Melio. Working with Nickel is really simple. So I didn't see, had you created your account yet?
Joan Schafer: I created the account, but didn't really do, I mean, just kind of looked around.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, that's awesome that you created the account. The next thing you would have to really do in order just to activate the account to either send or receive payments is just simply link your bank account or payout payment method within settings. So once you do that, you're good to start sending or receiving payments. Were you planning on using this.
Joan Schafer: To.
Colton O'Farrell: So send to your customers via so what we would do is we'd either send a secured hyperlink That would be sent via email or via SMS to your customer. They would click that, there would be like a pay now button if it was like in the email and I'll show you all this in a moment. But that would bring up a page for them that they could either pay via ACH completely for free. So it's free for you and for your customers. So they would just simply have to enter their routing and account number, hit pay, and they could complete that payment. Or if they wanted to pay with a credit card, maybe for a 45 day float, Credit card rewards, whatever the reason is. There's also an option they can pay via credit card. By default, 100% of that card fee is to be paid for by your customer. You do have complete control on a global level to set those. So by default, it's 100% on accounts receivable that your customer will just pay if they decide that's how they want to pay. However, you can actually override that global setting. So you could change it to be 50 50 there if you want it. You could change it to totally eat the credit card fee if you wanted. Most There are of a our few customers who do, don't. but even when it's set up the global rule, you can actually go in individually on a customer and an invoice level and change that. So if we're one customer, you wanted to split the credit card fee 50/50, you could go in there, you have that control, and we're compliant in all 50 states as well.
Joan Schafer: Okay, sounds good. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So we have that secured payment link that can be sent via email, via SMS to your customer, generally ACH processing. So we have two kind of plans. You're currently set up a Nickel Core plan, which is the completely free plan that is typically design for smaller businesses, there is a limit to the ACH per transaction. So on the free plan, it's $25,000 per ACH transaction, not cumulative, meaning you could do 1000 of those. You just cannot do one at $26,000. But based on the level of volume you're doing, I would imagine the Nickel Plus account is going to be the better fit for you guys. And the reason for that is you, so it's either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month on an annual plan. So it breaks out to a one-time payment of $420 for Nickel Plus. With that, we bump up the limit from $25,000 per ACH transaction to just under a million dollars per transaction. You can schedule payments in advance. You can do reoccurring payments in advance. You can auto-debit your customers if you've already, if you have like some kind of authorization form where you're able just to pull from their account based on certain criteria, you can get that set up with Nickel as well. and then we have everything integrated directly into QuickBooks Online. So you won't ever have to create an invoice directly with a nickel. You do have the capability to do that, but you really can just continue to create those in QuickBooks. You would come into nickel just to send those off, or if you're creating in QuickBooks Online and you don't have to make many modifications, like once an invoice is created, it's just ready to be sent out. We can actually turn on automation so that and nickel QuickBooks just automatically would not. sends So instead it. of hitting the review and send button within QuickBooks, you would simply hit save. It would save the invoice there, and.
Joan Schafer: Then Nickel would send that off on behalf of you to your customer. Okay, but the regular way we do.
Colton O'Farrell: It now where we review and send, then- With that, you would just- everything would pull into Nickel once you have the QuickBooks automation. And let me just here, I'll sign Everything in would pull my account in a and nickel. I can kind You of would simply show you. just Okay. have to send off that payment. And with the volume that you're doing it, I think that that should make sense.
Joan Schafer: Yeah. Perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: And also, I have a little, I have my laptop, like I said, I'm traveling for work, but I have this new second monitor here in this little booth. So just one moment as I get that set up.
Joan Schafer: Perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: Let me know if you can see that screen okay.
Joan Schafer: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, is it too zoomed in? Too, let's see. Or too small? It's hard to see.
Joan Schafer: A little bit too small there. Let's make it just a little bigger.
Colton O'Farrell: How's this?
Joan Schafer: There, that, yeah, there, that's perfect. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: So yeah, when you log into Nickel, this is the main kind of page you're going to see. So this is more of the accounts receivable side here, the get paid. This is accounts payable right here. So you created your account. The next things that you'd want to do would be go into the account settings and you may have a checklist on there. But the account settings, so what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to this is the get paid. So this is the global credit card surcharge rate. So like I said, by default, 100% of that is to be paid for by your customer on accounts receivable. If you wanted to change this at any rate, though, you do have complete flexibility there. So, oops, I'm hitting the wrong button. So if you wanted to change the 25%, if you wanted to fully eat the cost, you can. But again, that's a global rate right there. Okay. On this page, because this is the next step that you're going to need to do is a payout method. Once you link that payout method, again, you're ready to start sending or receiving payments via Nickel. The last thing that would be helpful on your side is to go to this Integrations But what that's tab going to do is and pop click up into the its green QuickBooks link QuickBooks page. You sign in, account you button. My use demo your account here is not connected. login password, select your company, chart of accounts. And once you do that, everything then would flow over into Nickel from an accounts receivable perspective here, and then an accounts payable perspective there. And I, like I said, it's not actually connected, but when yours connected, I do have a screenshot I will show you. So here's a screenshot. So I yours would say Quest Cabinetry there, it would have your QuickBooks number. This is that automatic payment link, whereas if you're generating an invoice in QuickBooks and you don't have to make revisions for it, if you turn that on, it will automatically send the invoice to the customer via SMS or via email, whatever the preferred method is there. But if you have this turned off because you create an invoice and you need to make edits to it later on, all of your invoices would still flow into Nickel here on the get paid side. You just go to this far right hand side where it says payment requests and you'd simply have to hit request payment. It would pull up either sending that to your customer via email or SMS. And once you do that, it's going to send to the desired method, whether it's email or text. And I'm actually going to add and you send as you a an invoice customer. just so you can understand and see what it looks like. So with the QuickBooks integration as well, we're going to bring in all your customers, all your vendors, everything over. But since mine's not connected and we're going to just add you.
Joan Schafer: Let's see.
Colton O'Farrell: All right, so I'm going to go to new customer here. And so there's before I do that, there is this payment authorization form here as well. Is this anything you're doing today with your customers or through Melio? Where you're able to auto-debit, is that anything that you would want to have set up or is it not so prevalent?
Joan Schafer: Probably not.
Colton O'Farrell: Mostly one-time engagements.
Joan Schafer: Yeah, I mean, basically if somebody wants to use this, they're gonna use it for their retainer, their deposit, and their final invoice.
Colton O'Farrell: And that's most of the kind of work that you're doing with them then?
Joan Schafer: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: How much after the fact?
Joan Schafer: Okay, cool. Yeah, every once in a while, people will come and just buy cabinet hardware from us or, you know, stuff like that.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, that makes sense. So yeah, the one time engagement then makes perfect sense. You won't really need to use that. If it is a customer you have like an ongoing relationship with or somebody that you've just consistently been doing business for, maybe on a monthly basis, that would be something we'd recommend maybe setting up. But for you, we're just gonna do add you as a customer here. Just grab your email and hit save. I'm gonna go to invoices now. I'm gonna go to new invoice right here. Just grab your... And for those invoice ranges generally, what are you kind of dealing with on the low end versus the high end with your clients? Or average kind of invoice size?
Joan Schafer: I mean, the very lowest would be 1,500. Sometimes, you know, we do design or something for them. But, you know, it's, 10, 25, 50, you know, I would say our average, and we have, we have the customer direct, you know, where we're just working with homeowners and that's going to be 80, probably to 100, then versus larger projects with builders or interior designers, you're going to be like the entire project is going to be more like 150 to I mean, we have cabinetry projects that are three and 400,000. So.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, we'll just have this be a larger invoice then. So we'll have it be $1,000. So you can see the there. That's part of the Nickel Plus because over the $25,000 threshold. With this, I'm just going to put a quick note here and I will also delete you as a customer and the invoice once we're done. So I've had customers, we've sent like the pretend invoice out and they're like, what is this invoice for? I thought it was. And I was like, no, no, just to demonstrate that you could do that. And I'll just put as possible, and I would put this in here so we remember. And the nice thing is we'll also grab all of your invoices, anything that's living in QuickBooks Online, we'll just automatically grab that and attach it. But because I'm generating the invoice in here, I'm just going to drag and drop there. One thing that we'll do is we'll rename whatever the attachment is based on whatever is in this line. So I got this all generated here. The next thing I'm going to do is just simply hit, oh, and it might be helpful. Well, I'll just hit create on this one for you. I can show you the other thing in a moment, but I'm going to hit create. What we're doing is generating the secured payment link right here. So this can be sent either email or SMS. We're going to send that via email. So I'm going to send that to you now. Should receive that any moment. And while I'm doing that, in case you I were copied curious of that what link, it would look so like I'm for your just customers going when to you're paste that generating into a these, new browser right there. And this is what you'll see once you receive the email and hit pay now. So it's going to show your name, email, your branded logo, invoice name or purpose, invoice right there. And then those two options I was talking about before. So if they want to pay by bank and ACH, there's no fee. They simply have to enter their routing and account number, hit pay. Or if they want to use a card, you there's are only going a to 2.99% get the net fee. amount, You so you're only going to get the 100,000. Nickel handles all the PCI compliance. We get the card fee, but that's all going to be they just need to enter their card information and hit pay. But did you get that email okay?
Joan Schafer: Yep, I did.
Colton O'Farrell: The other thing is if your customer has any questions on that email and they hit reply, you'll automatically be CC'd on any communication there.
Joan Schafer: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Something else that maybe will be helpful, I didn't see this on your website, but Melio maybe has this, maybe you don't have it Is built that anything that out exists with them, today but with like what a you payment have with Melio? portal.
Joan Schafer: No, we literally only use Melio to pay people, not get payments.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, so just on the AP side. Yeah, only on the AP side.
Joan Schafer: Maybe it'll be helpful.
Colton O'Farrell: It's helpful for a lot of our customers. Some of them just use it as a backup method. But every customer, when they get set up with Nickel, in addition to having the secured payment links that we're sending on an individual invoice basis, we also give you access to this payment portal. which is completely customizable and you can embed into your own website. But this is just a one stop shop for a customer to make any kind of payment. So like I said, it's all customizable. You can just go into account settings, change the branded, the logo there, what's going to show up on any of the receipts or invoices. With the Nickel Plus account, we also can create a custom URL or domain as well. So if you want that to be something more specific to Quest Cabinetry, we can do that. But this functions the same way. So I'll just put in a dollar payment there, make a payment. But if they want to just pay you, this is, wouldn't be a specific amount. This is them logging in, kind of making any kind of payment. Again, there's the same functionality of no fees on that ACH. And there's the 2.99% fee on credit card, but same kind of process that they would go through. Something interesting that a lot of our customers will do, especially if people are doing on the job, site work, which I don't know if that's super prevalent to kind of what you guys are doing, or if someone's going in person, like trying to, if there's a step where they're looking to request payment, or if somebody's showing up in person to grab a check, does that ever happen?
Joan Schafer: No, not yet. No.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Well then maybe this would just be good to have as a backup method to, and then embed in your website, as a way that a customer could just come in and make any kind of electronic payment easily that's not tied to specific invoice. But what I was going to say is a lot of customers customers will take this URL here and they'll go to QR.io and they will just build out like a QR code. Some of them will print it off, some of them will just have it on their phone when they show up to a job site and they go, here it is, customer scans it, it brings up the same page here, they enter the amount, and then they can pay you either way, ACH or credit card. Some people use the payment, the portal, it's more so just kind of depending on your best use cases. But if you don't have a portal today or anything on your website, I would recommend getting this customized and embedded in there just as a backup method, if anything, for customers to make a payment.
Joan Schafer: Okay. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: That is the accounts receivable side. Accounts payable works very similar. So you're just going to go to Bill Pay here to set up if we were to set up a vendor, this is something that I imagine you'd be doing with us quite a lot as well. For vendors, you just go to new vendor. If you have their information, you can enter it in yourself. If not, we can actually send a form for them to fill out for that information. So if you have it, it would look like vendor name, are they a business? Is this an individual contractor address? How do they want to get paid? So the AP side with your vendors, We're typically paying them via ACH or with a physical check delivering that if that's what they select. We try to move away from checks, but there are some who want those, so we do offer it as an option. There is a $2 fee to send any kind of check, so that's another reason why we would suggest recommending the ACH processing for them. This option is, Hey, I have their information. I'm gonna add it. In this case, I would add their, Bank information, bank information, ACH and be able just to pay them any kind of bill that I need. But, you know, for security purposes, the best kind of recommendation is, you know, only you see what's relevant to your in private to your business, only your customers see what they need, and then everything's being done via secure links. They're entering it here, it's shared securely, you just see what you need to see. So in that case, that's where no, ask the vendor to fill it out. So simply put, I'll just do this as an example so you can see what your customers will see.
Joan Schafer: Yep. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: And sorry, I lost my.
Joan Schafer: So, I mean, we currently have a bunch of information in Melio for all the people we pay.
Colton O'Farrell: If you have that, you could absolutely export that as a CSV file to our team and our team can upload all of that into the platform. So for countless Melio customers and it's been made the transition Very easy for them. So absolutely the same for you.
Joan Schafer: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But Joan, I'm going to send you just this quick fill out the vendor details button just so you can see what it would look like from your vendor's perspective.
Joan Schafer: Sure.
Colton O'Farrell: Was that so? Quest Cabinetry Joan@questcabinetry.com hit invite. You'll get that in just a moment. If you want to go through and complete some of it, you can. If you just want to take a peek and kind of see what it would look like from their perspective, that works as well. But for once the vendor has been added, or actually if you wanted to complete that information, I could be happy to send you like a $5 payment so you can see kind of what it looks like on.
Joan Schafer: Oh, no, that's okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, yeah, no worries. So I'll just grab, I have my own, we'll go to Bill Pay, I'll just pretend pay myself, so new bill, or you can also set up recurring if you need to. grab Colton software, enter the amount, just put a dollar there. Demo if you want to attach any kind of invoice or, you know, if it's coming from a QuickBooks, that would automatically be brought over. But going to go to make a payment for this one, it's most likely not going to let me complete it because this is a fake account and I haven't completed the payment method, whether it's my bank information or the address. But really you would have the two options to Either pay via card, there's a 2.90% fee for credit card payments on AP. There's no fee for the ACH processing. So that's generally going to arrive in two to three business days on our Nickel Plus account. Credit cards generally same day, but you will always get a timeline of when that payment will be complete here at the bottom. So this is with a credit card, so you can see that the withdrawal date is going to be today. same day it would arrive today. If I were to change to the bank account with ACH, it's a little bit longer, but it's generally this one's going to be a one business day transaction time.
Joan Schafer: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But this is the reason I can't hit the review and pay is because I have not linked that payment method. So, or sorry, not the payment method, the delivery method. So that email I sent is if you don't have that information, whether it's banking information or an address, It's not going to let you send the payment. But we would recommend doing the ACH as much as possible so you can get your customers or your vendors paid out as fast as possible securely and not have to incur a check fee or wait for the check to come.
Joan Schafer: Right, right, right. So currently, I mean, and does this have any way to upload invoices?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I mean with that, with the QuickBooks, are, is there invoices that are being created outside of QuickBooks Online?
Joan Schafer: And sorry, those are invoices to us. So currently what we do is I get an invoice from my manufacturer, I upload it to Dext, which is, are you familiar with Dext? Upload it to Dext, it goes to QuickBooks, and then it shoots out from Melio.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, yeah. I mean, in that case, so I believe you probably have an integration for Melio to QuickBooks online right now.
Joan Schafer: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So, I mean, it would be the exact same workflow that you have with Melio, but with just Nickel, and we wouldn't charge you a 1% fee or the additional fees. So I'm happy to pull that up. I'm not sure if you got a chance to look at the kind of pricing aspect, but I mostly talked through this already at a high level. Basically, the Nickel Core is our completely free plan. Nickel There Plus, is the $35 a month if you do the annual versus $45 a month if you're just doing monthly. The main thing with us is there's no hidden fees, there's no transaction charges. The only way that you would pay anything in additional to this $35 a month is if you on the accounts receivable side have agreed to eat some of the credit card surcharge of your customers, or if you're on accounts payable, you're paying bills with a credit card for 45 day float or for credit card rewards, whatever your reason for it. There's that 2.90%. But if your customers are fully paying that accounts receivable surcharge and you as a business are paying bills via ACH, you just simply have that $420 annually or $45 monthly.
Joan Schafer: But that gets- okay, which seems amazing. And. I mean, you guys are committed to that. You're not going to change over to 1% because you're like, wow, there's so much money out there.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, we have. So I'm happy to give you a little bit of background with kind of nickel and the formation for us. And this also leads me to a great point of talking about that article. Our CEO, he said we have to get another one because they've done some bigger price increases. But like I said, I'm happy to link this in case you were looking to review this. But there's plenty of case studies that we as a business have seen of why not to do that specific thing that you mentioned. And it's because of places like Bill bill.com, Melio, QuickBooks Online. The reason I'm talking to you today is, you know, over the last five years, they built a reputation by providing unlimited free ACH overnight. QuickBooks Online changed it, and then Melio decided, you know, they do offer still some free, but there's a ton of limitations, you know, five per month. But basically he kind of breaks down to what the cost was with the previous plan. versus the change to even just, you know, having a 1% fee or having the transaction charges in specific rates. But we at Nickel saw a huge opportunity after all these other payment solutions companies decided to try to kind of price gouge their customers.
Joan Schafer: Right.
Colton O'Farrell: More money pissed off a lot of people. If you go to Melio's review page, or even if you go to our review page on G2, I'm not sure if if you are super familiar with them, but they're one of like a big kind of online tech platform and review platform.
Joan Schafer: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But you can actually stack up. So this is a Nickel site, but there's a lot of people that were mentioning like, Hey, we came over from Melio and it was a great decision for us. And I'll link this for you, but you can actually see if I can remember, you can do like a stack by stack comparison between And Nickel here, I've just got to remember where it's at on here. But I'm happy to link this for you too if it is real interested in looking on that. But to answer your question, no. So we have gotten a lot of, I mean we have a five-star rating on G2, which we're very proud of. We're very well known for our customer support and being able to actually talk to a human in case there's any kind of issue or problem. We designed the solution to be as simple and straightforward as needed. We hear a lot of feedback from customers is that a lot of these interfaces, the UI is just clunky, it's too much, it's confusing. Right. We find it to be as straightforward as possible. 98% of our customers use that QuickBooks Online integration so we can do the simultaneous kind of whatever's done in Nickel is done in QuickBooks Online, whatever's done there. as in nickel. We also don't do batch processing. So, I mean, you could send out multiple payments at one time. So if you had like a, and so these are the ones that have been sent. If you want to resend those, you can just hit that little button there. It will resend. If you wanted to send out multiple invoices at one time, you could. It would just pull up each of the, like, message. If you wanted to have a specific message, send those all out at once. Even if those customers all paid those invoices at the exact same time, we're never going to do batch processing. So we process every transaction as its own atomic unit that allows for really easy one to one reconciliation between you, your customer, your banks. We so we won't like wait to do all those at one time. When the payments completed, it's going to be set to to go through. And even if ten of those payments came in at one time, they would all be processed individually. But I mean, within minutes probably of each other, but it's really just reconciliation.
Joan Schafer: Okay. Well, it seems too good to be true, but it seems like it might be true as well because, I mean, to me, this is like you, if you guys commit to this, it's like, yeah, digitally moving money doesn't cost anything. So why should I pay you $30,000 a year?
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Joan Schafer: Yeah. So, I mean, it seems like a no-brainer for me. I've got to, you know, kind of go over this with our bookkeeping.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, and one thing. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to link the, and I didn't talk about this quite, so I'm going to link this Melio kind of review or like the comparison of kind of how that changed with the pricing. I'll link this G2 here. I also have like a pre-recorded demo kind of walking through most of the workflows that I walk through with you. Happy to share that with you in case you're a co-owner business partner would like to see that. The other thing I haven't talked about yet is our security and data protection. But this is one of the reasons a lot of customers actually come to us. So kind of the short of it is that Nickel is SOC 2 compliant. So we're protected, like we're vetted or inspected regularly for that. We meet all the requirements for you and your customers. We're protecting their information, as we're handling the money. The money is always yours, we're simply just the payment solution for you, and as we're moving that money, we're always moving it through FDIC insured accounts. we're, uh, handling all the PCI compliance on your behalf as well., so that's the kind of card fees you're only ever going to get the net amount. We're protecting all your information with encryption and tokenization, um and I don't think it's on here. But, oh, one of the big reasons that we can also, so we have bank level security help with, we have like built in fraud protection, but we have our kind of Nickel account and Nickel on the front lines. So if there was ever anyone that was trying to commit fraud or like a scammer wise or, you know, somebody who kind of pulled one over on you as a customer, we are the ones who would be kind of on the front lines well before you would ever because we're moving money from our accounts to pay your customers as quickly as possible, receiving money in those accounts. But we are the ones on the front lines so that if fraud ever tried attacking Nickel, it would hit, it would, they would have to go through like the main Nickel team before they would ever reach any of our customers. But this kind of explains that set up there in the process of what you're, you know, before using Nickel versus after, we're just kind of the one stop shop for Getting those payments and getting you paid as quickly as possible.
Joan Schafer: So, and then what is kind of the standard lag time? I send a, so somebody pays my invoice through Nickel. How many days normally does it take me to get it?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I would say the first transaction, so we do as a federal, as a company that has to follow federal regulations. So there's, Know your customer laws, anti-money laundering, bank-like secrecy aspects. There are different boxes that we need to check there as a financial provider. So sometimes there's a slight just hiccup with the or like slowdown maybe with that first transaction as we do those checks and just making sure that we're doing everything we need to as a business and protecting ourselves. But as long as that's done and after that's been completed, you will see generally two to three day turnaround time in your account as we do make we have a cutoff time of 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time that payments need to be submitted by. But as long as you meet that cutoff time, it's generally a two to three day turnaround time for Nickel Plus customers for ACH. And then if you're paid via credit card, it's generally same day payments.
Joan Schafer: Sure, sure. And then the other way around when we're paying someone, is it about the same two to three every day before they get their payment. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly.
Joan Schafer: Yep, that's reasonable. Perfect. Okay. Well, I definitely think we will join this bandwagon. We foresee, just, you know, not overwhelming our bookkeeper, I foresee we would get it in place for receiving payments. And then we would, and then if everything went great with that, then we would move Malleo over.
Colton O'Farrell: That sounds like a great plan. Something else, two other things I wanted to call out before we kind of wrap up here is one, so I'm more on the customer success side, so you'll be working with me more regularly if you have any challenges, questions. We do have our help center as well, so this will be sent to, like I mentioned before, we are pretty well known, or you'll see in reviews of our support. So this will go to a live member of our team. Could be a couple different people, and it depends if we need like an engineer, more customer success. But you will be speaking to somebody within usually 30 minutes to an hour, as long as within normal kind of business hours. But you'll also have myself and I will provide my contact information so you can reach out there. I'm gonna send you some helpful resources so you'll have everything that you need. Generally, customers will tend to either create the nickel account, link their payment method. That's the.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3491117.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011942Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
