---
title: Emma Benson and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-23'
time: '16:00:56'
duration_sec: 2040.04
duration_min: 34.0
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- null <accounting@topjobasphalt.com>
- Emma Coppieters <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 24
# === STRATEGIC CLASSIFICATION (Transcript Classifier Agent v1.0) ===
call_type: demo
deal_stage: evaluation
customer_segment: whale
has_pain_points: true
has_objections: false
has_competitive_intel: false
has_use_case: true
has_pricing_discussion: true
has_integration_needs: true
primary_industry: construction
transaction_volume: above_threshold
ar_vs_ap: both
processed: false
dimensional_extracted: false
extraction_priority: high
---

Colton O'Farrell: . . . . . . . . . Hey, Emma. Hey.
Emma Coppieters: How are you?
Colton O'Farrell: Doing really well. How about yourself?
Emma Coppieters: Good.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome.
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, sorry for getting a late start here.
Colton O'Farrell: Not a problem. I actually don't have a meeting after this. If we need to go a little over, totally fine by me.
Emma Coppieters: Perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, yeah, Emma, thank you so much for agreeing to hop on this call. I know you interacted with my colleague, Christian, just via email a little bit. Thank you for providing the really helpful context. So I saw that you guys are using QuickBooks today. Is that QuickBooks Online, by the way? It is, yes. Okay, cool. So yeah, QuickBooks Online for the ACH payments, but outrageously they're charging you 2% on those ACHs, up to $20. That is kind of on the higher range of what I've heard from some other customers. So I found that to be a little interesting. And then you're also using IPOs for credit and debit card transactions
Emma Coppieters: with about a 3.5%. Credit card processing fee? Yep, that's right.
Colton O'Farrell: And then for that fee, is that generally eaten by you, the business, or are your customers paying that? Are you splitting it? How does that typically work?
Emma Coppieters: Right now, the customer is paying the fee, and we're not getting anything off of that.
Colton O'Farrell: In terms of you're just not getting anything in addition to the net amount?
Emma Coppieters: That's right, yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Got it. Cool. Awesome. Well, that's really helpful context. Would love to learn a little bit just more about the business, kind of what's going well for you guys, what's been a little bit of a headache to deal with. By kind of minute 10 here on the call, I'm also gonna send you $50 via Nickel. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add you as a vendor to the account. You'll receive an email that will show you what signing up as a vendor would look like. After you fill that out, I'll send you $50 just to show you how easy it is to send or receive payments. via Nickel. But before we do that, yeah, we'd just love to learn a little bit more about some of the things that are going well and then more of challenges that you're dealing with.
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, I think that the biggest one is the credit card and debit card transaction fee. A lot of people, I think, assume that with debit card, they're not going to get a fee. And we sell crack sale here in our location. So oftentimes they'll drive here to pick it up and then when they get here, they're surprised by that fee and they don't have a cash or check or that kind of thing to to pay with. So I think that that's a big one. And then that transaction fee for the ACH payments, we prefer the ACH payments. It's like our preferred payment method, but we don't pass that fee onto the customer. So that's a fee we're eating.
Colton O'Farrell: That's really helpful to know. When it comes to kind of the amount of customers that you're working with on a regular basis, kind of company revenue, where are you guys sitting in terms of company size?
Emma Coppieters: We, I would say, so we've got about 25 employees, but we, this year we're doing a lot better for our sales. I'm trying to remember where we're at right now. Sorry, I'm just pulling up a report real quick.
Colton O'Farrell: All good, yeah, I figured as much, no worries.
Emma Coppieters: I would say we do about five to six million in income every year.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome, that's super helpful. And then in terms of getting paid, so you said the preferred method is the ACH. Obviously you guys are eating the fee with that. When you're sending the invoices to your customers, can you kind of walk me through how that exists today?
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, right now all invoicing goes through the QuickBooks Online and we send them the link to pay with the ACH and then we also specify that they can send a check to us or that they can call in with a card payment and do that over the phone. And most of the time customers use that ACH link or they send a check in. We don't get a lot of people using the card because of that 3.5% processing fee. But that's how we invoice customers right now.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, awesome. No, that makes perfect sense. What I'm going to go ahead and do now, Emma, is I'm just going to go ahead and share my screen here. If you have any questions that come up as we're kind of walking through this, please let me know. Obviously meant to be interactive here. But first, what we're going to do is I'm going to show you what it looks like to add a vendor to the account. So I'm not sure if you'll be doing much for accounts payable with us. Sounds like primarily it's around accounts receivable. But curious, do you have any kind of bills or vendors that you're looking to pay through a solution like Nickel?
Emma Coppieters: I didn't really think about the bill pay side of things. We just usually, with a lot of our vendors, they have payment links and we just do ACH payments to our vendors. Or if we do cut a check, we just do that in QuickBooks. So I'm not sure if that is something we'd utilize, but it's up to you.
Colton O'Farrell: I would say the majority of our customers are on the accounts receivable side. We do have customers who are only accounts payable, and then we have a mix of doing both of us or both with us. So we have about 10,000 companies who are using us for those three categories, but again, the majority are kind of on the accounts receivable side. But regarding the accounts payable, I'm just doing this to show you what that would look like as well as to send you the money via Nickel. So what we're going to do is we're going to go to vendors right here. I'm going to go to new vendor. I'm going to ask you to fill out the information that will be sent to you via email. So I'm going to go ahead and just select this option. So we'll list you as top job LLC. We'll send this to your accounting email right there. And then if we wanted to toggle on like requiring a bank login or requiring ACH, we could do that. We'll leave that off for you. But I'm going to go ahead and just hit invite there. So you should be getting an email in just a moment if you want to let me know when you get that. But while that's being sent, wanted to talk a little bit of some of the credit card surcharge management and kind of how that works with Nickel. So today it sounds like 3.5% is for all credit and debit cards with IPOs and your customers are currently eating that fee. So how it works with Nickel, so we'd go into account settings right here. So by default, We're going to go to get paid. So by default, 100% of the credit card surcharge is going to be paid for by your customer if that's how they want to pay you. I'll show you the workflow of we'll send an email to your customer or we could send an email or a text message, but it will have a pay now link that will either prompt them to pay via ACH completely for free or if they want like the 45 day float, credit card points or whatever the reasoning is for using a credit card. They can do that. It's just going to have a 2.99% fee that they will pay for. Of course, we handle all the PCI compliance. You're only getting the net amount. And there'd be no cost to you with how it is set up by default. But this is a global rule. So you can adjust this to be at any rate. So if you wanted to split it 50/50 with your customers, 25, 75, or just fully eat the costs, you do have that control right there. And then on the global level that we've set here, if you have a particular customer that you want to split the credit card rate, but you don't want to change your overall global settings, you can do that on an individual invoice level. So you would just come into invoices right here. We'll just open up this one right here. You could go to settings and we can go, there's a couple different options. So we could disable credit card payments altogether for this invoice if we wanted. We could allow the customer to edit the payment amount, or we could also customize fees on this payment request, meaning we're going to override the global rules. So they're setting at 100 there, but for this particular invoice, we wanted it to be 50% customer paying the fee, 50% us. We do have that capability. But I'll pause there. Did you get the email and receive the information to fill out on the vendor side?
Emma Coppieters: I did. And I think I got that all submitted. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: So let's go ahead and pay a bill then here. Just gonna look you up, top job, LLC. Whoops, $50. Demo, make a payment. Go ahead and do no fee with the ACH paying. So we have the timeline of when you'll receive that as well. So withdrawal date being today should be in your account by tomorrow. So this is on the accounts pay side. We're going to go ahead and hit review pay. Emma, thank you for your time today. I'm just going to go ahead and pay that quick. Awesome. I'll download the receipt as well. And I'll be sure to send this to you as well. via my follow-up email to you as well. But just wanted to demonstrate very easy on the accounts payable side if you were interested. I know it's more of the accounts receivable side on your end. I'll pause there if you have any questions. Otherwise, I'm happy to kind of walk you through what that accounts receivable workflow looks like.
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, yeah, if you. Sorry, I was getting logged in so I can see the same portal you're in. Yeah, if we want to go to accounts receivable, that would be great.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. I'm going to show you quickly. I already saw you created the account. I believe you linked your QuickBooks Online account already?
Emma Coppieters: I think so.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. If you just needed a quick refresher for that very simple process, you just go to integrations here, click the link QuickBooks account. That's going to bring you to their page, sign into your account, select your chart of accounts, and everything would sync over to Nickel from the customer standpoint, the accounts receivable standpoint. And my demo account isn't actually connected here, but I do have a screenshot of what it would look like in addition to showing this automation. So once you're actually connected to your QuickBooks account, it would list top job, LLC there would have your QuickBooks number. And then we have this little toggleable field that will be at the bottom, which is an automation that we can turn on if you'd like. What that will do is anytime an invoice is created within QuickBooks, we'll just automatically send it via Nickel to your customer to pay either via SMS or via email. The reason we're doing that is so that you don't have to pay the 2% QuickBooks ACH fee if that's how your customer wants to pay you. When it comes to having this automation turned on, we do caveat and don't recommend it if you are going to be creating an invoice. and having to go through and edit it or make adjustments because each time you would do that, your customer would get an email each time the invoice has been changed. But if you are simply usually creating an invoice, it's ready to go and you're not going to have to make modifications. You can actually turn on this automation so that it just automatically sends via Nickel.
Emma Coppieters: Oh, okay.
Colton O'Farrell: That's kind of nice. Yeah. So just wanted to call it out. Some people find it useful. Other people, they have to do a lot of modifications or edit or review. So then just like to caveat that so they're aware that, They're not spamming their customer with a bunch of emails. But when it comes to the actual workflows, so let's say, for example, we don't have that automation turned on. All of your invoices are still going to populate in Nickel right here. Whatever is done in Nickel is going to have a real-time sync to QuickBooks Online. We have a native integration, so our engineers have a lot of control over the syncing of information, and we generally find it to be just about one second. delay to get that back and forth, but to actually send off any invoices that you have sent from are pulled in from QuickBooks, you just come over to the far right hand side where it says payment requests. You can hit this request payment button. This is where we're going to send either via email or via SMS to your customer. I'm going to go ahead and just create a new invoice so I can show you what that looks like as well. You don't ever have to create invoices within Nickel, but you are able to do that. and I was curious, are you ever working with customers on a recurring basis where you're issuing them like a monthly invoice, or is it more kind of one-time engagements?
Emma Coppieters: It's more one-time engagements. I don't think we've, well, so we do snow removal in the, the winter, and that's the only time that we have those reoccurring payments. It's a, a four month payment plan. But besides that, it's all like mostly one-time.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool. Yeah. Well, I'll go ahead and show you the one-time payment since that's where the majority of kind of the business is at. But we do have the capability to do recurring invoices either on a weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly basis. And there's no kind of time limit with that. So you can schedule that those out as far in advance as you'd like. But I'm going to generate a new invoice here, just selecting myself as the customer. We'll call this 137-325. And then I'll tip like, what is the average kind of invoice amount that you usually are doing?
Emma Coppieters: I would say probably around 3 or 4,000.
Colton O'Farrell: 3 or 4,000? Cool. Just go right in the middle there. So I'm going to say just a quick memo here. Hi Colton, please make the payment as soon as possible. When we're connected with QuickBooks, everything is going to be brought over, including attachments and invoices, but since we're generating this ourselves, you can still obviously download that and attach it as needed. Again, there's those advanced features if we wanted to adjust those, we'll just leave them as is for now. But I'm going to go ahead and create that link. We're generating a secure payment link that is solely tied to this individual invoice. We're going to send it to this email here. If we wanted to send via a text message, we could do that as well. I'm also going to copy this in case you were interested in what it would look like prior to sending to your customer. I already know what that looks like, so we're just going to send it off and copying and pasting that new link. So what you'll see is your name, email, your branded logo, invoice name or number, the amount and memo right there. How you're, and these are the two options for your customers to pay. So they can pay by card with the 2.99% fee clearly marked, or they could pay via ACH with their bank completely for free. Just need to enter their routing and account numbers. What it looks like on the customer's end to receive the email. Is this. So very similar to kind of what we just walked through, invoices attached. If they reply to this email, you'll automatically be CC'd on any communication. And then when they hit this Pay Now button, it's again just going to bring them to that same screen I just showed you. Any questions on this kind of step or workflow?
Emma Coppieters: I just had one quick question. So this is if you create the invoice through Nickel, is that right?
Colton O'Farrell: This is creating and sending the invoice through Nickel. If we were pulling them in from QuickBooks, they would just populate right here and you would just come to the far right hand side where it says request payment and you'd send it off and it would be the exact same workflow and receiving from the customer.
Emma Coppieters: Perfect. And then when they click the link sent through Nickel in QuickBooks Online, it tells me if they viewed the document or they've clicked that link, the QuickBooks link, does it do the same thing? Does that view because we're into QuickBooks.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so because we're integrated with QuickBooks, it's going to be real-time sync between data. So QuickBooks is still going to have the same, it was sent, it was opened, or received, opened, viewed sort of privileges. That will all still be the same.
Emma Coppieters: Perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, one other thing that I'm not sure if this will be really relevant to you guys, but a lot of our customers like it. I would say the majority of our customers will take So in addition to having individualized secured payment links tied to individual invoices, so we do that so we can have one-to-one reconciliation between you, your customer and your banks, even if you're processing or sending off multiple invoices at one time, like say for example, where we wanted to send off all these three here, you can send them all at one time if you'd like. But even if you're sending and processing like 50 invoices with one customer, just say kind of a extreme example there, because we have that one-to-one reconciliation, There's never going to be any potential for those to get crossed up or mismatched or any kind of errors on that side. But in addition to having the individualized secured payment links, we set up every company with their own customer payment portal. So that's right here. This is completely customizable. So you can come right into settings right here, can adjust the banner, the background. We can also create like a custom URL and domain for you if you'd like. But this really serves as a primary method for some of our customers for their customers to make payments or just as a backup method in case the primary method is not working. But they could just come in here, make any kind of payment for whatever reason. We'll just say the test for this example. But it's the same thing as that email, but just in this form that could be on your website so they can pay via credit card or debit card. There is still a 2.99% fee, even for debit cards. on the accounts receivable side. But in that case, we'd recommend obviously using ACH if possible, if they're looking to avoid that fee because they're not getting anything of course in terms of 40 day float or credit card points. But again, this is another potential option that most of our customers will just take and embed right into their website. Does this sound like something that may be helpful for you guys or are you primarily more so going to just be working through kind of the workflows I showed you earlier?
Emma Coppieters: You know, I haven't thought about it because this wasn't something that has ever been an option before. So I'm not sure if it is something we'd implement, mostly just because we do everything off of estimates. We make an estimate for the customer first. So I don't really see a reason why they would need to pay before the price is discussed and an invoice is created.
Colton O'Farrell: That makes sense.
Emma Coppieters: Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, it is an option. Like I said, it's for all of our customers. Wasn't sure if you had a chance to review kind of the pricing page, but I'm happy to explain that and walk you through that as well.
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, if we could go over that.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, cool. So pricing is really straightforward and simple with us. So we primarily, you can just kind of ignore this Nickel Pro account. Most of our customers are either on Nickel Core or Nickel Plus. So Nickel Core is the completely free version of our platform really designed for small businesses. What this enables companies to do is to send or receive unlimited ACH payments completely free of charge. However, there are some caveats with the free plan. As I mentioned, it's more so for small businesses. So some of those caveats being you only can have three active users on the account. We limit the ACH transactions to $25,000 per transaction. It's not cumulative, so you could do 100 of those. You just cannot do one at $26,000. You get access to the customer payment portal I just showed you. All the workflows, everything that I had kind of walked you through. As long as you get the ACH payment completed before 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time, you're generally seeing a two to three day turnaround time to get that processed into your bank account. The other limitations on the free plan is you cannot do scheduling or recurring payments in advance. However, all of those limitations are removed on Nickel Plus. So it's either $45 monthly or $35 a month with an annual plan. So 20% discount there. We bump up the so from instead of having limits of three active users, we allow unlimited active users on the account. Instead of the $25,000 ACH limit, we bump that up to $1,000,000 per ACH transaction. You can schedule payments in advance. you can do recurring payments in advance. We also speed up the ACH processing time. So we're generally seeing same day to two day turnaround time, depending on if when you get it into our sponsor bank. There's no other fees associated with the accounts, no transactions or hidden fees that you would maybe see with other providers you've worked for in the past. The only way you would be paying anything beyond this subscription is if you agree to eat some of that credit card surcharge. On the accounts receivable side from your customers, or if you are also using Nickel for accounts payable and are paying bills with your credit card with a 2.9% accounts payable surcharge rate. But I'll pause there. Any questions that you have on the pricing or does this seem to make sense for the most part?
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, I think everything there makes sense. The one question I did have was on the free ACHs. Is that free for us as well or is there a cost?
Colton O'Farrell: Everyone.
Emma Coppieters: Wow, okay. I like that a lot because we, I've talked into it before about the higher ACH fees that I feel like we've been paying and it's been hard to meet with them about it.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely. And I mean, that's one of the reasons why Nickel came to be. So our founders had noticed a huge need in the, especially construction material kind of sector. you know, this is a industry that has really low margins for a lot of folks. All of these companies like QuickBooks, Melio, Build.com, a number of other companies all used to provide free ACH. And then pretty much overnight, they decided that they could turn this into a revenue stream. And, you know, they built a lot of really happy customers and great followings when they provided that free service. And when they switched it, pretty much companies went from paying zero to either hundreds or thousands of dollars just for that change made a lot of people really upset. And we understood that there was a huge need for this, especially for that construction industry. That's where we have kind of led with with the free ACH. We've over, like I mentioned before, 10,000 customers now using us for accounts receivable, accounts payable or both. We have raving reviews. I'm not sure if you're familiar with G2, but it's kind of a gold standard for software platform reviews. And I'm happy to link our review page if you haven't seen it yet. But what you'll find there is I think Nickel is a 4.9 out of 5 rating last time I checked. We're ranked the number one easiest payment solution to use. And you'll find a lot of alike, like sized and similar companies to you guys using Nickel today and be very happy users. So happy to share those resources for you. But Wanna obviously be respectful of your time, Emma. Is there anything that I haven't showed you yet that would be helpful for you? Any questions that I could answer?
Emma Coppieters: I don't think I have any right now. I think it's all very, very clear and I appreciate you walking me through each little thing here.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, of course. I guess one other thing that popped up, are you doing any kind of payment authorization today with your customers where you're just able to automatically pull from their account? Based on- you-'re not. Is that anything you'd find interest in?
Emma Coppieters: I honestly, I don't think that is something we'd use mostly just because our transactions are mostly one-off. We don't have any really reoccurring payments.
Colton O'Farrell: Potentially when it comes to the winter snow removal, that maybe could be something helpful for you. But with the Nickel Plus account as well, that is something that we're able to That's included. I'm happy to just quickly show you that to it in case it would be relevant for the, you know, as we get into the more winter months. I know you guys get a lot of snow in Utah. Yeah. What that would look like. I'm actually from Minnesota myself. I live in Chicago now, but no stranger to all the snow removal issues. For customers, you would just come right here to new customer. You would add their name and you would click this set up payment authorization form. You'd click save. We would send them a form that looks like this. So it would say payment authorization request from your company. You could put a memo or a notice in there if you'd like. We do have frequently asked questions with answers in case and in case they didn't read it on that page, we do have it again on the second page, just letting them know that this is an authorization to allow your company to pull for them, to pull from them based on agreed upon criteria, lets them know that They don't need to be a customer of Nickel, but we are SOC 2 compliant. We'll be protecting all their information. They can cancel or revoke this authorization at any point. They just go to get started. In this example, I don't have a transaction limit or expiration date, but you're obviously able to add those. Your customer would then just come in here, select and agree to those. Once they do that, they would just select how they want to pay for that, whether by card or via bank. And once they've completed that, you're able just to auto pull from their account as well. So again, maybe not something super relevant right now, but as you get into some of the recurring payments or the snow removal time, maybe it could be something helpful for you guys.
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, I think that that is interesting. We've got some like property management companies we frequently work with on different properties, but that might be something they'd be interested in setting up with us.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely.
Emma Coppieters: Well, I don't think I've got any other questions. I think that covered about everything I had.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome, Emma. So like I said, I noticed you got your account set up, you got connected with QuickBooks Online. I believe you added your payment method as well?
Emma Coppieters: I think so, yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, awesome. Well, because you've done all that, you're ready to rock and roll. So you can go ahead and use Nickel how you like. if you wanted to utilize the free plan, you're more than able to do that. You're also able to self-serve and upgrade to Nickel Plus within your account. So you get a 14-day free trial for that. If it's something that you like and want to continue with, you can decide to do either that $45 monthly or $35 a month with the annual subscription. But if you decide that, hey, we're actually just needing Nickel Core, we don't need the additional functionality or kind of improvements, you can always revert back to the free plan as well. But my role is really just to equip you with the information you need to be successful and use Nickel to best support your business and your use cases.
Emma Coppieters: Yeah, I really appreciate it.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, I'm really happy to help. I'm going to send some additional resources for you, including a recorded kind of demo version of the workflows that we covered just in case somebody else within the team wants to I'll view that, but if you have any questions, please reach out to me. You can follow up via email. My phone number is linked there as well. Feel free to reach out anytime.
Emma Coppieters: Perfect.
Colton O'Farrell: Thank you so much. It was my pleasure, Emma.
Emma Coppieters: Hope you have a great rest of your day and looking forward to seeing you as a customer.
Colton O'Farrell: Thank you.
Emma Coppieters: And I hope you have a great day too.
Colton O'Farrell: Thank you very much. Appreciate that. Bye-bye. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2945812.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011942Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=2cd160bbd8c117602550842c2fd91adae55e69a4f20026441858b4fe68e03b0dfbdf258cb9e3bfad2b4665f257e2a061c8458b08f175550e7b21a1aa3e1061a6e4bbb90533edeca43ef46f3a471d1b1c9f8e75652d83133c009fcd3299619ca83cc9c81a0cad51a6267a3ebea470ff46d9baef7a23b35f004469ce18f60e516bb2e373694bd36eec4da21d3ccf678a2d3483c4c7dcd543b8cdad4bb3dc1818a40a75d086ee9279810c793255ee4551c2180a0932fa8e786070a0fcc6be369473d152df7a106bd3b573166567e546406f87c106d7f990df1a6183af51832ade0959e13710d095022867dc7ac8e2539103090fb6c9d37ee307f10dab6fef66d598
