---
title: David Kruyswijk and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-15'
time: '16:59:44'
duration_sec: 1751.5588
duration_min: 29.2
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Dave (Whatcom Landscapes) <dave@whatcomlandscapes.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 25
---

Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Hey, Dave. Hello. How are you?
Colton O'Farrell: Doing really well. How about yourself? Good. Awesome. Dave, thanks so much for making the call today. I was wondering, are you having, John or anybody else from the team join as well, or will it just be yourself?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Just myself.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Yeah. No worries. Well, pleasure to be speaking with you today. Just a little introduction on my end. My name is Colton. I work here in the sales team, at Nickel as a sales partner. I sent you an email earlier with the agenda. Did you have a chance to review that, and did that I did. Cool. And that agenda sounded good for you?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yes. That's that's correct.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, Dave, I would love to learn a little bit more just about your business. What brought you to Nickel? I you know, I've done some digging on your your website. I know you've been, in the business twenty years now. Kind of interesting route to go from IT to managing your own business, but, very cool to see. I was just curious kinda what some of those main pain points you're dealing with and, what you've also learned about Nickel and what got you to jump on this meeting.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. So, I guess, just to cut to the chase, we we are using Invoice currently, invoice.com. And, basically, it it handles emailing our invoices once they populate into QuickBooks online, which we use as our ERP. Actually, we have another third party ERP that connects to quick QuickBooks that that runs our business up to the point of generating
Colton O'Farrell: What is that system?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): DynaScape. DynaScape? DynaScape managed three sixty. So that's particular to the landscape industry. We use it to manage our crews, create our proposals, create our contracts up to the point where it creates the job and then generates the invoice. And so from there, it it imports into QuickBooks online, which we use as our financial software.
Colton O'Farrell: And Does that match up pretty well with the fields? So just if I'm understanding this correctly, the invoice is not being generated in QuickBooks. It's being generated in DynaScape, and it's being brought over to to QuickBooks online. Are those fields all matching up? Are there additional fields? What is what does it look like on that end?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. So so it's pretty much pretty much you know, I just have a QBO connector, and I sync it, and and the invoices come in. And yes. So so all the fields match up customer. So so we have the customers in both fields. They sync. We have our suppliers also sync as well so that our suppliers come from QuickBooks too. So it's a two way sync, basically. Anything we do in one system will end up in the other system.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): And so so once they come into QBO, then they populate into invoice. And we have a trigger invoice that we activate that trigger. It automatically sends out the invoices to our customers. And and then so invoice handles all our our our our emailing, the bill to the customer, as well as giving the customer the ability to pay the invoice online and also set up auto pay. From their invoice connected to our payment processor, which was Cornerstone payment Cornerstone payment systems. And what initiated our decisions to look for a new system is they canceled Ability, and we were forced to use their payment processor that that invoiced wanted us to use. Yeah. So that was a deal breaker.
Colton O'Farrell: Who's that? Who's the payment processor that they wanted you to use?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): They they they I they must have signed a contract with Flywire.
Colton O'Farrell: Flywire?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. So so we basically had to create account on Flywire and use them for payment processing through invoice.
Colton O'Farrell: And why was that not a good fit or deal breaker for you?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): We, number one, we want the flex flexibility to choose our own payment system so we're not tied to a certain you know, the software we use to handle our invoicing is not tied to our payment processor because that's a lot of work to get all our customers to sign up for auto pay and and that type of thing. And we have a developed relationship with a payment processor that we use. We did a lot of research into them, and and and that's that's who we'd like to continue. They they do have competitive rates. And Who
Colton O'Farrell: is that?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): We also have a shared value system with them. So and it's a Cornerstone payment system.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, that that is Cornerstone? So what has you hopping on this call, with me today? And curious, like, how did you find out about Nickel? What's your intended or or expectation? Just curious kinda with where you are with your knowledge and, what we're able to do for you.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. So I so I've been researching on g two.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, nice.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Putting in the you know, what what are the the what are the the abilities of the system? And then you seemed and then, you know, systems that also cater to small business small businesses. And I think you do. I try to do my research a little bit, obviously, not to waste too much time.
Colton O'Farrell: No. I know. You're really you're really on it. So thanks for thanks for doing that. No. And a lot of people don't even know about g two, so you're ahead of the curve there. Also, don't know if you saw that, but actually, we're ranked the number one easiest payment, solution by g two as well. I think we have, like, a 4.9 out of five, percent rating on there from our customers. The bulk of our business is small business. So we have over 10,000 businesses who use us from an accounts receivable, accounts payable, or both perspective. I've spoken to numerous landscaping and, you know, construction material sector related, folks. It's generally a good solution for them. Curious when it comes to and, generally, it's a good solution for free as well depending on what you particularly need for your business. I'm happy to break down kind of the pricing in those elements, when we get to that. But what are you ultimately looking for in the in the solution and that got you on this call today?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): You know, accounts payable, we currently use DEXT. They work pretty good with with QBO, but I I'm not necessarily tied to them. Cool. But primarily, the the solution we are looking for is is handling our emailing for our invoicing, the administration of having our customers being able to edit their payment system, and and, you know, auto pay, all that type of stuff. So, you know, we don't have to call our customers and say, hey. Your your card expired. We gotta put a new card, you know, that type of stuff. So so, you know, the automation part of it.
Colton O'Farrell: I gotcha. Yeah. Well, that's absolutely something that we can help with. Yeah. Did you have a chance to look at, like, our pricing? Any questions there or from a security standpoint and data protection? Just curious with how much insight you've gotten there.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): No. I I I basically got to I I I looked at your, your email and the overview and and setting up a free account. I haven't had the chance to set up a free account. I I'd really like to you know, before I get that far
Colton O'Farrell: See in action a little bit?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Pardon?
Colton O'Farrell: See it in action a little bit
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): before Yeah. So so, I mean
Colton O'Farrell: Let's go ahead and do that then. Alright. Well, I'm gonna just walk you through, so based just to let you know, based on the conversation I've heard so far, I think you're a great fit for Nickel. You sound very similar to a lot of other companies that we help, and a lot of those we help completely for free. One nice thing is you're operating on QuickBooks online. So like you've noticed with some of your other, providers, like, having a native integration can make your life very easy. Well, I'm happy to share that we also have a native integration with QuickBooks. You would just go to account settings right here. You'd go to integrations. You'd click the green link QuickBooks account button. That brings you to into its QuickBooks page. You just sign in, select your company, select your chart of accounts. Everything then flows into Nickel from an accounts payable perspective here as well as an accounts receivable perspective here. How it will work so this is, you know, clearly just a demo account, but, your invoices would full flow automatically into Nickel if you do that sync. You just come to the far right hand side here where it says payment request, and you would just click this request payment option. This would generate a secure payment link, which is right here. This can be sent to your customer via email or via SMS. If you were wanting to let's see what would be more. Any of these payment links to you before you were you would hit, like, send off to your customer. If you wanted to open that up in a new tab to see what that looks like, you're able to do that. This would, have your company, branded logo, your name, email address, invoice name or number, and then this would be the email that your customer gets. So they would I'll and I'll show you this too. I'll even walk through, like, generating an invoice in Nickel. You never have to do that, but if that is an option. But your customer will be able to pay via ace via their bank, via ACH for free. They just need their routing and account number. Or if they're gonna pay by credit card, there's a 2.99% fee there. By default, a 100% of that is set up to be paid for by your customer as a global, like, rule. How often are are you receiving credit card payments?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): So so we we just to kinda maybe give you a bit bit of a background, we we have two divisions in our company. We have a landscape division and a maintenance division. Our maintenance division invoices about 80 invoices a month for about 30 k. Our landscape division invoices about 70 k a month over about five to 10 invoices. So currently, we handle our ACH landscape division through QBO. So we send them out via QBO because they QBO doesn't do batch invoicing very well. But five to 10 invoices a month, we can we can handle just sending out individually. And we only allow ACH or bank payments through QBO.
Colton O'Farrell: Have you gotten a lot of requests to offer credit cards? You just haven't
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): had to deal with them? So when we send them out, we offer a credit card payment for a 2% fee. And not most people either just send in a check or bank. Maybe once every other month, I'll get a request to pay via credit card.
Colton O'Farrell: Are you in, like, the p I PCI compliance with that as well, or or how is that taking place where that you just get the net amount? Like, are you baking that 2% into your price?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): No. No. So so that, basically, we add it as a line item to the invoice.
Colton O'Farrell: And
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): then if if they wanna pay via credit card, then we send it out through invoice, which allows credit card payments.
Colton O'Farrell: And that's a 2% interest rate there?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): A a 2% credit card fee.
Colton O'Farrell: 2% credit card fee. Doesn't matter what credit card they're using. Like, they charge Amex the same as Visa and Mastercard?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): No. It's just a straight 2% fee.
Colton O'Farrell: For all cards? Okay. Yeah. Well, just to walk you through a little bit, like I like I showed you in this previous just secured hyperlink, I copied and pasted here. We do have those two options. It's either the ACH, no fees, or if they wanna pay via credit card, that's an option for them. They just have to pay that 2.99%, fee there. You have control over the global credit card surcharge management rules. So if you go into this tab right here, this is where you would set up the global rules. So if you want that 100% of that credit card surcharge to be paid for by your customer, that's what it is by default. You would just leave it as so. But if you had an agreement where, say, you wanted to split that fifty fifty with all of your customers, twenty five seventy five or fully eat the cost, you do have that control right there. This is a global rule rule like I mentioned. But if you were to come into any of these invoices, you can go to any one of them, go to settings, and we can actually adjust this rate, to override the global rule. So if I did that, I would be splitting that 2.99, and the customer would only see one point, 47% for a fee there. If you wanted to disable credit cards altogether on an invoice level or or per invoice, you can also do that there. Just need to toggle that one off. Like I mentioned, though, you're able to when we're synced up with QuickBooks, anything done in Nickel will automatically update QuickBooks online and vice versa like you're aware. If you wanted to generate an invoice in Nickel, you're not required to, but you do have that capability. You just come to here where it says new invoice, or you could also set up recurring. For the new invoice, just select your customer. Invoice name or number, we'll call this 13271525. What is your general invoice range as well? Is it, like, lowest end to highest range that you're dealing with?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): What what do you mean?
Colton O'Farrell: For both for both the landscaping and for the maintenance division?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. It's pretty I mean, it's probably anywhere from 200 to, you know, $3,040,000.
Colton O'Farrell: 30 or
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): 40,000? I mean, we've had some contracts up in the 90,000, but then it's generally split across three months, and there would be three invoices of 30,000.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No. That makes sense. Maybe we'll do more of, like, the middle of the pack there. I'll put this one just for 15,000. We'll just be a onetime invoice. If you have this connected with QuickBooks, the nice thing is of your attachments, invoices, everything will be brought in automatically and synced up with that invoice level. Since we're just generating this ourself, we can attach it in here, though, as we'd like. So I'm just gonna finish up the memo. Please make the payment as soon as possible. I'm just gonna go ahead and send this, create this. When I hit this create button, that's again generating that secure payment link right here. You can send that via email or via SMS to your customer. I'll just send this off. We do have a perk as well for our plus feature members. So we have our Nickel core plan, is, the completely free plan, and then we also have the Nickel plus, which is, $35 a month. One thing that this allows you to do is you can actually send a authorization form to your customer, which is right here, where if they've completed that, that will allow you to just pull from their account based on set criteria in terms of transaction limits, expiration date. They would just approve that. They and I'm happy to walk you through what that would look like. But if you have that plus account, you would actually be able to just to pull from your customer's account with that pre authorized approval. I'm just gonna go ahead and send this out, though, so you can see what it looks like from an email perspective. Pop it up here. Just a moment. There it is. So your customer would get this via email. Again, it would show your name and logo, new payment request, you know, the invoice we just generated. There's that invoice attached. If they hit reply all, they're you're gonna be cc'd on any communication there. And if they hit this pay now button, it's just gonna bring them to that same screen that I had showed you before with how they would pay this. Setting up a new customer is very easy. You just come into the customer tab under, the accounts receivable side. If they're already living in QuickBooks, again, all of that information will be brought over. But if, for example, you wanted to create a new customer and send a payment authorization form like I mentioned before, just come to new customer, you click, add their name, click you the setup payment authorization, and then I can show you what that would look like on your customer side. Just gotta get my email.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): So so from what I'm seeing, it looks like like you Nickel would not connect to our payment provider?
Colton O'Farrell: No. We we have to work with the with the end merchant, and the only connection that we have is with QuickBooks online. But the nice thing is if if you already have a connection that's working from your payment provider to QuickBooks, that information is flowing in there. We can grab that from QuickBooks and automatically sync it back in a Nickel. So it's almost gonna serve as, a bridge in that example.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Okay. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Does that make sense?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): So you would only connect to the to QVO payments?
Colton O'Farrell: Correct. Yep.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Okay. Alright.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. And so I'll zoom in on this a little bit, but this is that payment authorization request form I was mentioning earlier. So what this allows you to do is pull from your customer's account based on agreed upon criteria. You could put a memo or notice in there, but this is what your customer would receive. We have some frequently asked questions with answers right there. But if it was too long and they didn't read all of that, we do have it again on the second page. So it explains what the authorization for, what the authorization is for, who Nickel is, that we're SOC two compliant. We have bank level security, built in fraud protection. We also handle all the PCI compliance on your behalf. So if there's any credit card fees associated, we take care of all that. You and your customers are just getting the net amount. They can revoke this authorization at any point, then it explains that they can pay their via ACH or with their credit card. They would just go to get started. If you were setting them up as a vendor, you could add a transaction limit here. You could add an expiration date. In this example, there aren't any, but they would just review, agree. And then once that's completed, you'd be able to auto pull from their account. What it looks like on the accounts payable side so the nice thing is it functions exact same as the accounts receivable. So the workflows are all the same. Your bills would all pull into here. You just come to the far right hand side to make a payment, or you could do a new bill right here. Setting up a new vendor, same thing on the accounts payable side. Just go to new vendor here. If you have their info, you can enter it. If not, we can send them a form to fill out. What that form looks like on their end is it says that your company wants to send money via Nickel, frequently asked questions with answers again. They just go to fill out vendor details. Again, those questions and answers, they didn't read it on the email page, they would just say if they're a business corporation, individual contractor, how they would like to pay, how they would like to receive payments. So via ACH for free, or we can send them a check as well. They would just review, submit that, and they would be remembered in the system. We also explained to your customers that they don't ever need to sign up with Nickel. They don't need to have a Nickel account. They have an email. They have a phone number. They're good to work with us. If they would like to set up an account, they're more than welcome to do so. But, again, not required, and that information will be remembered on your end. One of the last things I wanted to show you within the demo is in addition to having all of these secured payment links that are tied to individual invoice levels, we also we also set up every company with a secure merchant payment link. So those individual links are tied to individual invoices, and we do that for one to one reconciliation between you, your customer, your banks. Even if you're sending off like, for example, we were sending off all of these, invoices as a payment request, you could also mass send them off. But even if we're doing this and they're all being received at the same time, we are never batch processing those invoices. So we are processing them all as their own individual atomic units that ensures that one to one reconciliation. But in addition to having those tied to individual invoices, we also give you this merchant payment link right here. Most of our customers, they'll take this they'll take this link. They'll embed it in their own website. Within settings here, you can adjust the the background banner, customize that to be however you'd like. Most customers use us as either kind of a one stop shop for customers to come in and make any payment or as, a backup method if their primary, method is not working. But, again, this is all customizable. This is included in the free plan. I did wanna quickly just go over pricing to explain that for you. So, essentially, everything that I've covered today with you, here is included in the free plan. Aside from that payment authorization element, you cannot do recurring or scheduling payments in advance on the free plan. And the only other limitation is that there is a $25,000 limit per ACH transaction that is not cumulative. So you could do a 100 of those. You just cannot do one for $26,000, for example. Generally, we're seeing a two to three day turnaround time when it comes to ACH processing. We are still required to meet our bank sponsor's cutoff time of 4PM Eastern Standard Time. But as long as it's done by then, you're generally seeing a two to three day turnaround time on the free plan. On the Nickel plus plan, so this is, everything that I mentioned on core plus some additional features. It's either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month, so a 20% discount there for annual subscription. There's you could have unlimited users on your account. We've removed that $25,000 transaction limit. It goes all the way up to a million dollars per transaction. You can schedule payments in advance. You can do recurring payments in advance. You can do that authorization form to your customer. And then for that secured payment link, we can also give you a customized domain. So instead of saying what whatcomlandscape.nickel payments, you could have your own custom, domain. We're happy to build that for you. And then we also speed up the ACH processing. So it's generally same day to two day turnaround time as long as we meet that, cutoff time. But I'll pause there. What questions do you have regarding pricing? Does that all make sense? And any other questions with the demo or functionality that you were hoping to see you haven't so far?
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. So how do you like, when a customer makes a payment, does that come into QBO? Does that sync?
Colton O'Farrell: So everything is gonna be synced in. So what's done in Nickel is gonna sync into QuickBooks online. What's done in QuickBooks online will automatically sync in Nickel.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Okay. We
Colton O'Farrell: also I can't show it in this demo here, but we do have automation that would be because I'm not actually connected to a QuickBook account with the demo account here. But if you were k. We also have a toggle feature that you could enable that would show up right here underneath your QuickBook's account. What that would do is if you toggle that on, anytime there's an invoice that's generated within QuickBooks online, we would just automatically send that to your customer via email or via text, just automatically through Nickel. So you wouldn't even come into Nickel to send that off. You would just go into QuickBooks online, create it. Nickel would send it. Your customer would receive, be able to process it. And then, yes, there would be also a reflection here in the transactions tab too from all transactions, receivable, payables, refunds, returns, and chargebacks.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): So is there a automatic email? Like, when a when a when a when a invoice is generated in QuickBooks, does it automatic? Can it be set up to automatically email?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes. And that's what that toggle feature is that
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): I'm I
Colton O'Farrell: just can't show that in the demo because I'm not actually connected to a QuickBooks account.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Okay. Right.
Colton O'Farrell: But the one the one caveat I would say that where that's not a good idea is if you're generating an invoice and then you gotta pop back in there to make revisions or adjust things because if that automations turn on, every time you do that, your customer would get an invoice. So if you generally create it and it's like the one time you're ready to send off, automation is great. But if you're having to go in there and make revisions, adjustments regularly, we would recommend having that automation turned off and then just coming into Nickel, going to the, get paid portion, and just coming to request payment just like this. And if you wanted to send off multiple, I I mean, you could send off all of these all at the same time. You just be able to put the the, memo in there, the and could be able to send all those at one time. K.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): So $35 a month for the and that's a that's a 2.9% flat rate?
Colton O'Farrell: It's 2.99% on accounts receivable and 2.9% on accounts payable.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Okay. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: K. Generally, what we recommend I I do have another meeting that's starting here shortly, so I will have to to hop, unfortunately. But, generally, what we recommend is create your account, make you know, sign up for free with the Nickel core plan, test it out with some of your customers, get their feedback on on, you know, what they like, what Yeah. How that's working. If you're ready just to do a mass rollout, connect to QuickBooks online, you can also do that. That's also included in the Nickel core. It's really just if you have the reoccurring payments, scheduling payments, the payment authorization, or that $25,000 per ACH transaction limit doesn't meet your needs, then that's where Nickel plus comes in. We do offer every customer a fourteen day free trial with that. If it's not what you're looking for, you could just revert back to the free plan. And then in addition, there are no other fees associated with Nickel. There's zero hidden fees. The only way you would pay for anything besides the the subscription cost is if you are eating the credit card cost for your customers or if you are paying your bills through Nickel for the accounts payable side. But otherwise, it's just that flat $35 a month with the annual plan.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Alright. Thank you much.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, Dave. For next steps, I will be sending you an email kinda recapping the information I've, went over today. I'll also recap another I'll provide a demo link that covers most of the workflows we went through. That way you can share with John or anyone else within the team. But what are your your thoughts? Does it seem like a good solution for you? Just kinda curious.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Yeah. Yeah. So still not being able to use our payment processor is probably gonna be a deal breaker. We're pretty tied to them. And and, yeah, the 2.9 for us, that that's a bit bit of a higher cost than what we're currently currently paying. So so those those are probably I mean and and I'm still investigating. I I you know, I've got I've got a Zoom meeting set set up and and still looking at at different options at this point. So
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Well, I'll I'll go ahead and follow-up with that email, Dave. Sure. I'll be looking out if you sign up for the account. Otherwise, if you haven't, I'll assume that you're still kind of shopping around or looking. But I would really recommend at least creating an account, testing it out before you make any kind of decision. Again, there's no cost to you with that. It is free. And, I mean, there's a reason we're the number one, easiest payment platform, to use on g two. So I would just keep that in mind, but really appreciate the time. And, hopefully, we'll be working together soon.
Dave (Whatcom Landscapes): Alright. Thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: Have a good one. Bye bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2796001.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011945Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
