---
title: KAB Consulting, Inc. / Nickel Kick Off Call
date: '2025-09-10'
time: '20:00:33'
duration_sec: 2187.38
duration_min: 36.5
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- KAB Community Care Consulting <csherman@kabccconsulting.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 26
---

KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah, hi, sorry, I am on my way home. I should be home in a couple minutes, but I was stuck in traffic.
Colton O'Farrell: No worries, totally okay. If this is still a good time for you to connect though?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh yeah, yeah, it's fine. I'll be home in about five to seven minutes.
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect, well that's awesome. Well, Colleen, thanks again so much for making time to chat with us today. I really just wanted to go over kind of the purpose and agenda today. Purpose of this call is one to introduce ourselves to each other and discuss your onboarding with Nickel. We have 30 minutes for this time. Does that work for you?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh yeah, totally fine.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, the agenda for today then will be to share a little bit more about my role as your customer success manager, what I know about your business already, and then give you the opportunity to fill in the gaps for me. By the end of the call today, we'll select one of three different onboarding packages which are related to the timeline. So we have a one week, one month, or one quarter kind of onboarding depending on your timeline. But does that sound like a fair agenda for you today?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect. Awesome. Well, as your customer success manager, I'm the main one who'll be guiding you through the onboarding. So I'll be offering trainings, integration support, and just an overall smooth experience. So we'll provide you with additional resources on your best use cases for how to use Nickel. And then, like I mentioned, we offer those three different onboarding plans. Before we select one of those, Is there anything about your timeline in particular I should know for using Nickel?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Not in particular, I mean we're just looking for a way to get out of the, you know, quick books fees. Yeah, so anything free with the ACH and not having to cash physical checks, which is what my boss has been doing would be fantastic.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely.
KAB Community Care Consulting: And we're pretty, I'm pretty I do a lot of research on my own. So I think once I get the basics down, I'll probably be good. But I'm willing to learn. Cool. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: If you guys are motivated to go ahead and get started on this soon, which it sounds like you are due to that 1% QuickBooks fees, I know you guys are doing 80 to $90,000 a month in ACH. So QuickBooks has taken quite a large fee there. If you guys are motivated, though, we're happy to, we could do the one-week onboarding. If you wanna get started and ready to rock and roll right away.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So is there, so is there like an option involved with that?
Colton O'Farrell: No cost or anything associated with it. It's just more so understanding your timelines. There will be some like homework, quote unquote, and that's more so just testing Nickel by using, by sending invoices to your customers and kind of going through the standard workflow. But all this is included in the plan with Nickel.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, gotcha. Okay, then we're not in a super big hurry because currently we only have two agencies that were using QuickBooks to send payments because everyone has been sending checks. And one of those might actually be able to do it on their end, but the other one isn't a huge invoice. So there's not a super huge hurry in terms of like, you know, getting rid of, like most, we're not really paying the fees anymore, but it's just more of like the faster we can move people to ACH better, but I'm not in a super great hurry. So, I mean, it doesn't need to be done in a week is what I mean. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, cool. Well, that's good to know. We'll most likely do the one month onboarding. That should give you plenty of time.
KAB Community Care Consulting: To kind of test.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, yeah. Get familiar with everything and also be able to get started quickly as well. So once we're off the call, I'll send you kind of the recap of what those steps are. So that first step is obviously creating the account. And linking your bank account. I know we were having some issues with the Plaid verification side of things. So I did reach out to the support team. If we need to do a manual connection to your bank, we can absolutely do that. Did you have any, let's see, did you have any success with the Plaid verification or was it still giving you those errors?
KAB Community Care Consulting: No, it was still giving the error. And actually I did see an email from someone on your side that send a screenshot, which I didn't see the email, so I had not done that yet. Okay, no worries. Just a screenshot of what that screen is, you know. So yeah, I haven't looked into that anymore since we talked.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no worries. Well, I'm just going to go ahead and share my screen quick and just kind of guide you on what you would do for getting that verification. So like I mentioned, we do have a compliance and regulatory team that would be the main person that you'd be working with to add the bank account and do the verification per our federal requirements. So all you'll have to do is, and I'm not sure if you can see this super well, so zoom in, but it's just go to account settings here. Sorry, the help center right below account settings and just send our team a message. You'd say, hey, I need help adding my bank account and then provide, say, plan verification is not working. They don't have my bank. I'm looking to do the manual upload that Colton mentioned and our team will.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Be able to process that for you. Oh, awesome. And do you have any idea what information they'll need to do that manual?
Colton O'Farrell: It's typically a government issued ID and then three months of bank statements, I believe.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, okay. And is it just sending them those documents in an email or something?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, and they also can call if needed to kind of talk through. They have their own compliance and regulatory process that they follow. They'll let you know exactly what's needed, but it's very common that Plaid doesn't support a bank or there's issues with the customer. So they do this on a daily basis. They'll process that for you quickly as well.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Did you have any luck asking about the company ID and if they knew about that, or is it just that I do need to do it manually?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, they did mention that they just said to go to the help center and send them a message and they'll be able to do it for you.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, they didn't provide too much clarity on the ID, but they just said we'll get it added manually.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, gotcha. Okay, sorry, that makes sense. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, Colleen, I was curious. So I know you talked about how you were paying the 1% fee on QuickBooks and you were, Google is searching looking for a better solution. That's how you came upon Nickel. Just curious what additional information do you currently have about Nickel and where can I kind of fill in the gaps?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Can you still hear me?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, I can. Hold on. Can you bring the car to the inside?
KAB Community Care Consulting: I gotta put you on speaker.
Colton O'Farrell: No worries. I'll let you do your migration and you just let me know when you're ready.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah, so pretty much I know nothing. Other than I got it set up.
Colton O'Farrell: And.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Once I got it set up, I googled it. Hey, is it actually really free?
Colton O'Farrell: Fair.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Really? Hi, I have not done anything other than that. I saw that. Just a couple little things that came on, you know, how to like send a request and oh my gosh, why is the door locked?
Colton O'Farrell: Kittos or something?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah, my kids are. Why is the door locked? Sorry about that.
Colton O'Farrell: Let me just, no worries.
KAB Community Care Consulting: I can go to my computer, I can go to my desk. So yeah, I have not really explored anything. I'm on a Zoom call, guys. I'm on a Zoom call.
Colton O'Farrell: No worries, that's helpful information. And when you're situated, we'll kind of walk through just the platform, walk through some of the standard kind of workflows, and you can pause me for any questions and we can dive in deeper where needed.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Can you see me? I don't know if my videos are. No, you can. Okay. I'm not seeing myself. That's weird. Okay, let me get a. Is it better if I get on my computer so you can see my screen or does it matter?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, I would say your computer just for probably like the viewing of the screen share.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yep, I'll just do that. Calendar. I really thought I'd be back by I think I need a profile. There we go. Okay, not showing up on that.
Colton O'Farrell: And I'm happy to resend the zoom invite link too if that is easier.
KAB Community Care Consulting: I got it. It was just different. I've all these different profiles on me.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, same. Yeah, I'm like, which one am I logged into?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah, and then I had to switch my personal Yahoo address to Gmail address and it's just been a such a pain.
Colton O'Farrell: I totally understand.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Why is this okay?
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect. Looks like you're connected on the computer.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool, all set?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah. Wonderful. Let's see, you want to talk just one more time.
Colton O'Farrell: I want to make sure my audio is- Yep, can you hear me? Perfect, yep.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Sounds coming out great.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Once we get your account added, just through that manual verification, like I mentioned, so that's just the help center, send our team a message, there'll be an option saying, I need help adding my bank, they'll be able to take care of that. Once you've done that, the next step that you'll want to do is go into integrations right here and you can link your QuickBooks account. If you click this link QuickBooks account button, it'll bring you to Intuit's QuickBooks page. I think I did that. I was able to. You already did that. Perfect. Well, you're already ahead then. That's awesome. You were seeing all of your and if you wanted to as well, if you wanted to log into your Nickel.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Account and share your screen, I could talk through it that way as well. Cool. I think it's actually crisp. Did you finish it? Okay. Are you ready in the Zoom call?
Colton O'Farrell: Now that I'm thinking of it, because you're not connected to your bank account, it might not be best for you to share it, because you're not going to be able to do too much, like this pop-up will keep coming up.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so let me just go ahead and walk through the use case, and then once your bank's connected, it'll be very easy to switch over to that. Sorry about that. Kind of just thought of that last second there.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Did you finish your homework? Yeah, I just said that. Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: What's going to essentially be set up here? When you have your connection with QuickBooks, everything that is in QuickBooks is going to flow into Nickel and everything that's in Nickel or done in Nickel will update in QuickBooks vice versa. It's real-time sync. Your customers will be in here. To send off an invoice, If it's pulled in from QuickBooks, it will just pop up right on this field here. There'll be a little QuickBooks symbol. You would simply click this request payment button. It's going to pull up to either send that via email or via SMS. We're going to send this secure payment link to them. We can also set it so that if you're generating an invoice in QuickBooks.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So I have a screenshot of what this looks like. So this is actually a good timing.
Colton O'Farrell: Because we're just about to start doing our August invoices. Oh, perfect. Yeah, absolutely. So when you have your and your account will look like similar to this. So my account's just a demo account. Don't have this connected to like a QuickBooks account, but it'll say that it'll say KAB Community Care Consulting Incorporated here. It'll have your QuickBooks number. And then this bottom tab right here, it says automate payment links. What this would do is if you have this turned on anytime you create an invoice in QuickBooks Online, So when it's created, there's going to be the two options that is either to save the invoice or review and send. With Nickel, you're always going to want to hit the save button. So when you hit save, if this is toggled on, we will automatically send that email to your customer. They will get an email that says, hey, you have a new invoice with KAB Community Care Consulting. Here's the amount. We're grabbing the invoice from QuickBooks Online, so that will be attached as well. And they'll have a pay now button that they can either pay for free with ACH, or if they want to pay with a credit card for a 45 day float or credit card points, they can do that, but they will be paying for the credit card fee by default. You do have control over that. If in the event that you don't have this turned on and some of our customers don't have this turned on, if they are creating an invoice and then they need to go back in and make some edits or revisions to that, because if you have that automation toggled on, anytime you make a change like that, your customer would get an email notification for it. So my recommendation is once you've created an invoice, if it's static and very rare that you're going to have to make changes, definitely turn on that automation and we'll just automatically send it. However, if you're creating invoices and sometimes there needs to be updates or revisions made, just keep that turned off. You would just simply come into Nickel then your invoices would all be right here. You just hit that request payment button.
KAB Community Care Consulting: And we'd send it off. You don't ever Oh, sorry, go ahead. So we're creating the invoice in QuickBooks.
Colton O'Farrell: And we're sending it from Nickel. Yes. And Nickel can either automatically send it or the manual sending is just simply.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Clicking this request payment button and sending that link. And then, so we just have to.
Colton O'Farrell: Click request payment and then just put.
KAB Community Care Consulting: The email address in. It will automatically be populated. Okay. So you just have to send it. We have several agencies that have two or three people that
Colton O'Farrell: we send the invoice to you? You can do multiple email addresses.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So we'd want to put those in Nickel to also. So even though they're already in QuickBooks, we put them in Nickel as well.
Colton O'Farrell: So it goes to all those. We should automatically grab those for you. So it should automatically be set up like that. Because of that native integration with QuickBooks, it's whatever is generally in QuickBooks, we're.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Grabbing that and putting it in here. That's awesome. Yeah. My question is we We send an attachment with the invoice that is our detailed list of all the tasks we've done and we just send it as an attachment with QuickBooks.
Colton O'Farrell: Like the scope of work.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah. So would we attach that to the QuickBooks invoice or attach it in Nickel?
Colton O'Farrell: So where is it attached? So we grab attachments from QuickBooks. Where is that scope of work attachment living? Is it getting sent with the invoice and being put on that invoice? Page is like a PDF.
KAB Community Care Consulting: It's a PDF and I think it just is like an attachment.
Colton O'Farrell: If it's in QuickBooks and it's already like with that invoice and when you are sending the payment via QuickBooks and it's being sent, we will also grab that invoice.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, that's awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: Or sorry, the PDF for that as well.
KAB Community Care Consulting: And we've also started, I think QuickBooks has an option to just have the invoice available via a link or to actually send the QuickBooks KAB Community Care Consulting, we sent the QuickBooks invoice as a PDF and we decided to send it as a PDF because some email addresses were not, they were only getting our attachment and not getting the QuickBooks. So we send both. We send the PDF of the QuickBooks invoice and the PDF of our detailed work.
Colton O'Farrell: I got you. We can also send that because it's just another attachment. Yep, it should automatically be brought over. If you do have any trouble with that, our team will be happy to troubleshoot and figure that out. But if it's an attachment in QuickBooks, we'll be grabbing all those attachments. You would see like, so I'm going to, you don't ever have to generate QuickBook invoices within Nickel yourself. I'm going to do that just because that's, I don't have mine connected to a QuickBooks account. You do have the capability to generate.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Invoices in here though.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. I'm just going to show you kind of what that workflow would be.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So I'm sending this to myself. We'll call this invoice. 160.
Colton O'Farrell: Let's see 8168. 0910 25. And then for those invoices ranges, what are like the small end, like smallest invoices you're sending versus kind of your largest invoices?
KAB Community Care Consulting: The smallest invoice we've sent, I mean, we literally sent one for $39. And then the biggest one I would say is between 11 and 12,000.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, so let's say this is on the higher end for your invoices, we'll put this one at 12,000. Are you doing any recurring or like regular engagements with customers as well?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Like a recurring same payment?
Colton O'Farrell: It could be a static amount, it could be a dynamic amount, but it's still like you're billing them on a monthly or quarterly basis, any kind of like long term engagements, are they mostly one time?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, no, they're all they're mostly all recurring.
Colton O'Farrell: Mostly all recurring. Okay.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Same ones every month or every other month.
Colton O'Farrell: Do the amounts change or I imagine because of the scope of work changes?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah. And even the people that only have the same services every month, those change because we bill by the calendar day.
Colton O'Farrell: So I got you.
KAB Community Care Consulting: 30 or 31. So that amount's always going to change.
Colton O'Farrell: I got you. So we can set up recurring payments, but that's typically for a static amount. So if it was 12,000 consistently, What we would do kind of in the scenario is we can set up a payment authorization. So let me, I'm going to send this quick and I'll go back to the payment authorization, but we'll just keep this on one time. So just putting a quick note in here. Possible. And then, like I said, we'll grab those invoices from QuickBooks. Online. You don't have to worry about that, but also just going to attach a like a templated invoice here to show you that you can also attach those yourself. We also have some advanced features as well. So you can also, if you want to allow customers to make a partial payment, you can turn this on here. If you want to override the global settings, so by default, 100% of the, if your customer wants to pay with a credit card, we believe that they should pay the 2.99% fee with that. However, if you have a specific relationship with a customer or on just maybe an individual invoice, you can override that to change it. So you could change this to be any percentage you'd like. Oh, whoops. If you wanted to fully, yep, if you wanted to fully eat the cost, you could do that. Or you could just turn this off and it would be the standard 100% they pay for. But you do have control over that. So I'm going to go ahead and create this invoice. I'm going to send this as a secured payment link. Which is this link right here. I'm gonna hit send. I'll get that in just a moment. But if you're curious what that looked like before sending to your customer, you could always just copy and paste that link into a new browser. What they're gonna see when they get that email is this page right here. And I already got an email. So here's that email. My demo account is this deGra distribution. So it have your logo name, you have a new payment request, the amount, memo, the invoice would be attached right there. If they have any questions with it and hit that reply all, you'll automatically be cc'd on communication. When they hit this pay now button, they'll be brought to that same screen I just had pulled up here. So this is the screen that they make the payment. So if they want to pay by card, we clearly marked that there's a 2.99% fee there so that we handle all the PCI compliance. So you would just get the $12,000 as the net amount, we would get the $358.80 as the Nickel credit card fee essentially. But if they wanted to pay via ACH and with their bank, there's no fee for that whatsoever. They just need to enter the routing and account number, hit pay and complete that. So that's kind of the standard workflow of even if you were to just pull in your invoices from QuickBooks and manually send them or have them automatically sent, this is the email that your customers will receive.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So this is creating an invoice in Nickel.
Colton O'Farrell: And this is creating an invoice, but even if you created it in QuickBooks, if you hit this request payment button and hit send off, that's going to send your QuickBooks invoice just like this.
KAB Community Care Consulting: In this format with that QuickBooks invoice attached there. So do we need to give them another email address to make sure that.
Colton O'Farrell: It'S not blocked or something? So we do, so all of the Nickel payment requests and invoice requests, they all come from this receipts@nickelpayments.com so this is a very strong email address. Because we're handling hundreds of millions of dollars on a monthly basis. And this is the same email that's being sent to everyone. We haven't run into any issues with being blocked or being marked as spam. But if you want to let them know that it will be coming from this receipts@nickelpayments.com, that would be helpful. But they will of course see your name. You'll be cc'd on the email and you can also go into settings and customize your logo. We also have this banner. We do have a payment portal that you also have access to that you can get set up on day one. That payment portal is found right here in the Get Paid tab. This payment portal is customizable. You can take this payment portal and actually take the URL and embed it in your own website. What this does is it essentially serves as a one-stop shop to collect payment from customers so this isn't tied to an individual invoice. Your customers could, of course, list, like, the invoice amount right there. But this more so serves if your customer doesn't have an option to pay you. They can just come in here and make any kind of payment with those two options. So the, with the credit card, there's the 2.99 fee on their end, or they can pay via their bank and via ACH. This more so is just a backup method for our customers, but it's also something that you have access to.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, gosh, okay, that makes sense.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah. No, go ahead.
Colton O'Farrell: I was going to show you too, regarding that credit card surcharge and kind of fee structure. So on the accounts, in the account settings here, if you go to get paid, this is where you can see that global rule. So this is dictating what your invoice rate will be for if customers decide to pay with a credit card. So like I said, by default, this is 100% for them to be paid. But you can come in here and change this to be any kind of percentage you want. If you wanted to fully eat the costs, you could also do that. Most of our customers do not, but if you have that relationship, you could do that. Like I said, this is a global rule, but then when you come into an individual invoice, so I'll just go back to get paid, you can either override it on the invoice level. So if you wanted to change what that rate was, you could come in here just for this individual invoice. Or also for a customer, if you came in right here, you could also put the customer rate. So if I said for Colton, I want to do 50/50, I can save that and that would just be remembered for them for all invoices.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Okay. So. I guess we could reach out to each agency and say, Hey, do you want the option to pay through ACH. And if they just want to keep sending checks, we could just send them through QuickBooks. But if they want to do ACH, we could send them through Nickel.
Colton O'Farrell: And so you're saying to send the invoice to the customer and they're going to send you a check?
KAB Community Care Consulting: That's what they do now. Most of our agencies, we send them the invoice, they mail us a check.
Colton O'Farrell: And is there a preference for checks.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Or is there a... No, definitely preference for ACH.
Colton O'Farrell: Right. So I would say basically the benefit for them here is that they'll be able to pay faster. There's no potential for mail fraud, checks getting lost in the mail. It's also a secured electronic transfer, much more secure than having checks. So that touches on... Tell them they.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Should pay this way.
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, because they're just going to get an email. They're gonna have to hit the pay now button, enter their bank information and complete that payment. For Nickel Plus subscribers, we can also save that information on file if needed. And I also think that you may want to be, so that's with the pricing. So I'll just go through that real quick. So right now you're set up on the Nickel Core plan, which is our completely free plan. The only way that you would pay anything on this plan is if you agree to eat some of that credit card surcharge from your customers on accounts receivable. Or if you decide to pay bills with a credit card via Nickel, there's a 2.90% for credit card payments on accounts payable. But with Nickel Core, what this allows for is free unlimited ACH. There are some caveats here, so one of those being you can only have three active users on the account. You can only do $25,000 per ACH transaction, so that's not cumulative, meaning you could do a thousand of those. You just cannot do one at $26,000. You also get access to the customer payment portal and the workflow I showed you of sending that from QuickBooks via Nickel to your customer via email or SMS. They can complete the payments. You also have access to support and all that information as well. We typically are processing those ACH business transactions within three days. So long as they are met by this cutoff, they're sent to us by the cutoff time of 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. However, on Nickel+, this might be something of interest to you mostly because of the debit authorization form. So with this account, we do a couple of things. So for pricing on it, it's either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month on an annual subscription. So it's billed out one time at $420. What we do on this account is we speed up the ACH processing by a day. So it's generally a two-day turnaround time. We have unlimited users on this account. We get rid of the transaction limit. The soft limit is a million dollars per ACH transaction. You can schedule payments in advance, you can do recurring payments in advance, and then something that might be particular of interest to you if you're doing this today with your customers is we can actually set, do a payment authorization. So when you're setting up a new customer, you would add their name here, email address, and you can click this set up payment authorization. So I'm going to go ahead and just do it. For a, make another company, Colton's Freight.
KAB Community Care Consulting: And when you say three active users are unlimited, that's on our end, right?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, on your end.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, so it's usually in like an administrator and a manager and a member.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: But what this does here, so this is getting set up with the payment authorization. So this would be to be able to automatically debit your customer, so you send them an invoice. If they've confirmed this, you would just automatically be able to pull from their account based upon agreed upon criteria. So this is the payment authorization. If you have full permission, this means there's no limit and it does not, there's no time expiration date with it. It would just stop when the customer removed their approval. However, most of our customers do a limited permission, so you could put a transaction limit. When this expires, I'm going to hit send. Oh, let's see. We need to put a quick message in there. I'll just say hi. But what this would do is allow your customer, they would get an email that looks like this saying that your company wants to save your payment method on file and charge those for relevant invoices. We have frequently asked questions with answers, so we let them know that we're SOC 2 compliant. We're protecting all their information. Handle all the PCI compliance. We are simply the processor, so we are always moving money through FDIC insured accounts, but they would just go to complete payment form here. If they didn't read all those questions in the email, we do have those again right here for them. And this is letting them know again that they can revoke the authorization at any time, but they would just go to get started. They would agree to these terms. They would say how they would like to pay for that. So if they want to pay for free with their ACH, with their bank via ACH, they could do that. You just need to enter that information, or they could enter that card. And this would be what is charged on file. And as long as the invoice amount is less than what that transaction limit is, you would just automatically be able to auto debit your customers. Are you doing anything like that today in terms of like, maybe you have paper based forms, or if you have another solution that you've been keeping some of this on file, or is this, would this be new for you?
KAB Community Care Consulting: That would be new. And let me just say, that our filing system and our accounts receivable was I got mailed a file folder of check stubs, copies of deposit slips and.
Colton O'Farrell: They have a spreadsheet. Right, right.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So yeah, so anything anything better than that is good.
Colton O'Farrell: This this is something that potentially could be a value for you. So like I mentioned, this is one of the aspects, like one of the features on the Nickel Plus account. So the paid for subscription. I did want to call out, so there are with us, there are never any hidden fees or transaction charges. I've explained when you would be paying more than that is if you were accepting any eating some of the credit card fee or you're paying your own bills with the credit card. But I did want to call out that we also offer up to $250 per business that you get to sign up on Nickel. So if you click this box here, you'll have your own referral code. So referral link right here. If any business signs up with, with Nickel via your link, we'll pay you $250 per business. So if you bring two businesses onto Nickel, annually it's $420 with us. We essentially give you a year's worth of Nickel Plus for free, and we also pay you $80 in addition to that. So it's just something to keep in mind if you were interested in potentially, you're obviously on core now, maybe core will meet your needs. Maybe you want some of those advanced features. That's just something that could help alleviate that cost on your end as well.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Okay, so that would basically allow them to save their payment information and they're giving us permission to just automatically debit their account. Otherwise they're putting all their bank account information every time and you're not saving it. Correct.
Colton O'Farrell: It's on Nickel, on Nickel Core. Yep, on the free plan. And none of your customers have to sign up and use Nickel. They can just simply complete payments through email. But if you're a Nickel Plus, member, we can ask them if they'd like to save that information for future invoices or if they're doing the debit authorization. Part of that is, yes, I want you to save my information so that KAB Community Care Consulting can charge me when necessary, essentially.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So. If they decide to become a Nickel, like a free Nickel member, can they save their bank information?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, if your customers want to sign up and use Nickel directly themselves, yeah, they absolutely could do that.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, okay. So then they don't have to put it in every 10.
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, but they also don't need to sign up with Nickel as well. Just wanted to discuss that aspect of it.
KAB Community Care Consulting: That makes sense. Because there are some, like we, a couple of our agencies use Bill.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, they're a competitor of ours. We hear about them all the time, mostly negative. Reasons because of the non-free ACH.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Oh, okay. Well, maybe, you know, for the agencies that are not using or the agencies that are using Bill, so in that case, do they have to with Bill, do you know if they have to pay a fee to send money to us?
Colton O'Farrell: With Bill, generally, yes. It depends what kind of plan they're on. We also have, so we have this. Our G2 link right here of reviews. So we were actually ranked the number one easiest to use payment solution and number one highest rated payment solution by G2. Call there. But you can actually go into this link here and I know they have a side by side so you can pull up like this is Bill right here. I don't know if they have the I forget how to do the side by side comparison but Yeah, we're generally ranked a lot higher than Bill because they started doing things like free ACH, but then they decided they couldn't make money off of it, turn it into a revenue stream, made a lot of their customers upset. And yeah, that's kind of, well, that's.
KAB Community Care Consulting: I mean, that's awesome because all of these, all these agencies are, you know, basically not for profit. They're getting paid by the state and, you know, Any way that you can save money is.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely. And especially now more than ever.
KAB Community Care Consulting: So, yeah, exactly. So I will definitely pass that information on to them to say, hey, send us money this way. Or, and use it for all of your other vendors too, you know, that fee. Well, I don't want to keep you longer. I always say half an hour.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no worries. Unfortunately, I do have another call that I got to hop to, but Colleen, I would like to schedule that next call for us. So I, like I said, I'll follow up with an email with kind of the steps needed to do the onboarding and get your bank account and everything connected. We're going to do the one month onboarding plan, it sounds like. So between now and October 10th, do we want to do another meeting on, say, October 1st? Is that a. I am at a.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Conference on our channel. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: What about.
KAB Community Care Consulting: But any on the second? No, it'll probably basically the 30th, first and second. I'll be busy, but other than that. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: So do we want to do the week of the 22nd to 26th or the sixth through like the 10th?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Probably after my conference because we're a vendor at that conference. So like the 29th, I'm free all day because I work.
Colton O'Farrell: How does Tuesday the 7th of October look for you for doing a 30 minute kind of check in test it like going through the transactions that you guys have? Done within that time frame.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah, I'm pretty open. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Do we want to do similar time that we did today, the 4 p.m. your time, or would we like to do earlier?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Probably earlier just because my kids won't be home.
Colton O'Farrell: Right.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Let's see.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Before your Central time, before 1:45 Central.
Colton O'Farrell: Before 1:45.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Okay. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So could we do, you prefer more mornings?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Late morning, early afternoon, something like that. But I'm flexible. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Let's do a 10. Does 10:30 to 11:00 work your time?
KAB Community Care Consulting: Yeah, yeah. My time?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, 10:30 to 11:00 your time.
KAB Community Care Consulting: 10:30, yeah, that's fine. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: And I will send that invite to you as well as I'll owe you a follow-up email. By the end of today, today, but I'll get that sent over to you. And if you just want to confirm that you've received the second invite, that would be great. But we'll go from there. Okay, awesome.
KAB Community Care Consulting: This has been super helpful. I appreciate it.
Colton O'Farrell: I appreciate being flexible with me not being able to. Of course. Of course. No, thank you so much as well. And it was a pleasure to meet you and actually talk face to face today. I will be following up with that email.
KAB Community Care Consulting: And if you need anything in the.
Colton O'Farrell: Meantime, you just let me know.
KAB Community Care Consulting: Awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. My pleasure. Bye bye, Colleen.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3775626.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011946Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
