---
title: Brent Rose and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-21'
time: '18:02:24'
duration_sec: 1733.48
duration_min: 28.9
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- null <brose@whsaa.org>
- 13076201454 <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 27
---

13076201454: .
Colton O'Farrell: Hello.
13076201454: Hi, Brent.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep.
13076201454: Hey, it's Colton from nickel. How's your day going so far, sir?
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, a little over busy, but otherwise good and. It is going to be 10 minutes before I'm in front of a computer. I apologize for that, but I think I most of my questions are going to be verbal. Cool. We're going to be okay. So you let me know if that's going to be alright.
13076201454: Sounds like a plan. Well, Brett, till you get in front of the camera, so you know, obviously happy to answer any questions you have. I was curious if you want to just give me a brief intro, introduction from your side, how you found Nickel and kind of what your understanding and expectations are for the call, I think that'd be a great place to start.
Colton O'Farrell: All right, so our organization is a not-for-profit association who manages state athletics for the state of Wyoming.
13076201454: Yep.
Colton O'Farrell: It's the activities and athletics association. And I am the new finance manager, kind of. I'm really the person they put in charge of activities. I am a recently retired high school band director with zero degrees in anything related to finance. So I'm super techie, but financial, bit of a stretch for me. So, no worries. This is all new to me. Now, I will tell you, I'm a bit grumpy today about dealing with QuickBooks. I've about had it with them.
13076201454: What's going on?
Colton O'Farrell: I don't know what it is with them. I just like, they want, first of all, they want an upcharge for everything. I forced the dissociation to go from desktop to online in the hopes that we could stop so much manual data entry. Try to go from like, you know, cloud-based to some, yeah, faster paced information gathering. And so it looks like it'll do it, but man, every time I need something, they're like, hey, we're gonna have to to redo your account. We're gonna have to upgrade this. It's gonna be another thousand.
13076201454: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah.
13076201454: Before we started, what are they charging you from, like, an ACH perspective? When you're looking to do each transactions, do they charge you a one percent?
Colton O'Farrell: One percent, 25 cents per transaction. But I was told today, like, that my biggest interest with you guys is going to be doing the payroll transactions, which would be for the taxes and the, and the bank transfer for the. because I can go outboard and just do the ACH transfer at the bank site.
13076201454: What do they charge you? What do they charge you at your bank? Also charge you like a $30 to $60 fee?
Colton O'Farrell: No. Zero.
13076201454: Oh, no, nothing.
Colton O'Farrell: Nothing. I think I'm going to have to call the bank and check, but I don't see that in the transaction log anywhere. And the other thing is that they, when I talked to QuickBooks today, it was really hard to understand that was talking, but he, he did tell me that they're only going to charge The $10, because it's 1% or a one-time fee of $10 max. And he said that they'll only charge me that per payroll, not per employee. I have my doubts.
13076201454: That's kind of where I'm at. That's what they're telling you right now. But I mean, I've seen it. Your story is not super unique. I have heard the same kind of frustrations with QuickBooks many times before, and there's always new announcements where there Yeah, announcing some kind of charge. I've heard a pretty wide range of setups that they have for them and charging anywhere from one to two percent. Sometimes they're capped, sometimes they're uncapped.
Colton O'Farrell: So it's kind of wild west. And there's not a lot of consistency when you Google it and try to get some help. It seems like it's all over the map. And the frustrating part today was I wanted to, I mean, everybody that works in my office is doing paid time off and vacation time with a written out sheet that I have to input into the system. And I'm like, this is, Dumb. There's an app for this with them. Well, that was when they were like, oh, you're gonna have to upgrade to payroll elite and it's gonna be another thousand a year. And I'm like, To put in the hours, were you guys out of your mind? So anyway, first grade with QuickBooks, that's not your problem. I Googled over the weekend, third party apps to deal with ACH transfers. I scheduled a call with bill.com, which looked like it was gonna end up being about the same. And then I stumbled across Nickel and it and it said at least on the baseline that it would be free. So I guess my question would be, is it? And why would it be free? Like how are you guys going to make your money?
13076201454: No, I'm happy to answer these questions and get them all the time. Just to give you a little bit of background, so Nickel, we are a payments processor platform. So we integrate directly with QuickBooks Online. It is literally you create an account with us, you link a payment method, you click integrations, and you click link your QuickBooks account. You would sign into QuickBooks. to select your company, your chart of accounts, everything flows into the Nickel platform, and then you're able to send and receive payments through Nickel. One reason why customers decide to send payments through us rather than just sending it through QuickBooks and doing the ACH transaction that way is because ACH is always free with us for all of our customers. It is something we never charge for. You'll never find hidden fees or different transaction charges. The only thing that our customers pay for, so we have two plans with us. We either have our nickel core plan, which is completely free. The only time a customer would be paying anything on that plan is that they've agreed to pay a credit card surcharge with a customer, and they have specifically indicated that they want to split that charge at whatever percentage that they'd like. By default, if your customers want to pay you by credit card, 100% of that surcharge, which which is 2.99% will be paid for by your customer. So if you have that default rule set up, you're on the free plan, you will have no charges on the Nickel Core plan. There are some limitations there. However, you cannot do ACH transactions over $25,000 per transaction. So that's not cumulative. You could do 100 of those. You just cannot do one at $26,000. You can have three active users on the account. you cannot do scheduling or recurring payments in advance on the free account. And then same ACH processing is generally two day to three day turnaround times, as long as you get the payment into our sponsored bank before 4 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, which is their cutoff time. So that's the free plan. We also have a Nickel Plus plan, which is designed for bigger companies, or if some of the limitations on the free plan are really important to your business, that is either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month on an annual plan, which is a 20% discount. What that does is we increase the limit from $25,000 per transaction to just under a million dollars per transaction. That we speed up the ACH processing, so it's generally same day to two day turnaround time. You can have unlimited members on your account. You can schedule payments in advance. You can do recurring payments in advance. and we can also set up a payment authorization form with your customers so that anytime if they've completed this, anytime you are issuing an invoice, you just automatically be able to debit from their account and pay yourself as they've already agreed to that. But that's the Plus plan and that's designed for larger companies. Like I mentioned, there's no hidden fees if you're on that. It is just the $35 annually, like a month annually, or $45 monthly. But I'll pause there. What questions do you have for me? And happy to answer any of those.
Colton O'Farrell: First of all, I'm just going to go out and appreciate the speed at which you operate because after dealing with QuickBooks for an hour and a half this morning, I was like, Brother, you're going to have to speed this up. So I really appreciate that. Right. So yeah, multiple questions. First of all, are when the $25,000 limit applies, And I go to do payroll and then we have five employees and they're all going to separate bank accounts. Is each one of those is a transaction that because those would be under 25,000? Or is me doing payroll one transaction cumulative?
13076201454: So you would individually be sending those payments to who you need to pay out correctly?
Colton O'Farrell: Because I think they're different. Yeah, I think they're different.
13076201454: Yeah, so as long as- I mean.
Colton O'Farrell: There'S different bank accounts and maybe different banks even.
13076201454: Yep, so that would be fine. None of those individual payments are greater than $25,000. You're fine. Even if you did have a payment, we have some customers who they need to occasionally send larger than $25,000 payments. What they do is they'll just break those up into two to get underneath that limit. But as long as you do that, yeah, you're completely fine to utilize the free plan for. Okay, now, so let's say I'm in.
Colton O'Farrell: QuickBooks and I go to do payroll. Once I've linked all this up, we've done all the business, and I go, okay, pay. Am I done at that moment? Is it going to just process or do I have to go log into your guys' site and initiate it or how does that work?
13076201454: Yeah, so you're looking just mostly to do accounts payable with Nickel?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. Yep.
13076201454: Yeah, so how that would work is you would, once you integrate with QuickBooks Online, everything would be pulled into Nickel from an accounts receivable and an accounts payable perspective. Sounds like you'd mostly just be using us from the AP side of it. you would just literally go into the bill pay section and all of your bills would be brought in there. You would just click Make a Payment, select how you want to pay that and hit send. If you wanted to generate your-- you.
Colton O'Farrell: Can also do QuickBooks or that can be in your site.
13076201454: So that would be within Nickel. We do have some automation that can be enabled that-- so let me just open this up here quick. So we do have this automation that can be toggled once a QuickBooks integration is enabled that says automatically send a nickel payment link when an invoice is created in QuickBooks. That's more on the accounts receivable side. I can see if that's something that we can also enable on the accounts payable side. But generally, you would just come in a nickel, all of your bills would be brought on to one screen, you would hit make a payment and you would just pay your bills directly through Nickel.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, and that would include paying those payroll fees.
13076201454: Exactly, yep, and I would be happy to show you that in the platform once you have a computer in front of you.
Colton O'Farrell: But, yeah, okay, yeah, and I didn't set up the free account yet, so I don't know if that's gonna be an issue. I just, I got again hijacked by O'Farrell's by QuickBooks, but, Okay, so it sounds to me like once it's all set up, because QuickBooks is going to automate most of the, and I'm assuming this is all a bundle, right? So if I go into QuickBooks and I do payroll and I've got everyone's annuities that they're paying out, the payroll taxes, and once we, if I've linked all that with you guys in QuickBooks, then I go, okay, I'm initiating payroll. Now I go into your guys' site.
13076201454: It grabbed it all, but I'm going like, yeah, this all checks out. Pay it and it sends it all. Out and I'm not paying any transaction fees. Exactly. Yep. And so with the QuickBooks Online sync, so we have a completely native integration. So we have direct access into control to whatever is synced and how it's synced. It's that it's done instantaneously. Like, I think the average is like one second is all it takes, but we can customize this behavior since our engineering team knows exactly how the sync behaves. So if you have any specific questions for the engineering team, I know you're a pretty technical guy. If there's any kind of specific workflows that you have with that integration, I'd be happy to, you know, get that escalated to the team.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, and I did read that like, so doing like 941 tax payments the same way is something that can be done? As people do, yes, no?
13076201454: What was the question?
Colton O'Farrell: Can we do our tax, our federal 941 tax payments, it's our payroll tax. through you as well? Can we pay the government with you like that?
13076201454: That is a question I don't entirely know the answer of. I do know that we have companies who are paying their W-9 contractors through us regularly. I will have to just double check on that when it comes to the federal government. I know there are some specifics there, so I want to make sure I get the proper information before I give you an answer there.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, that's fine. Okay, where else am I at on this? Let's see. Now, that would be me sending money out. Right now we collect digital payments through Square. Now that we're online with QuickBooks, I can start doing it through QuickBooks. It's really the same. I mean, we're going to lose 2.9% in a transaction fee every time. Is there any avenue through you guys that makes that better?
13076201454: Yeah, absolutely. So that was, is that on the accounts receivable side? you mentioned? Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. No, we certainly could help there. That's actually the majority of our customers are using us on the accounts receivable side. What we would do is we would automatically bring in all of your invoices on the accounts receivable side into Nickel. We could set up automation so that once it's generated within QuickBooks, as long as you're not needing to go back and edit it and make changes frequently, if it's like a you create it Once and it's done, it's ready to be sent, we can turn on automation that automatically sends to your customer. We can send it to them via email or via SMS. What they'll receive is a secured payment link that they'll click, it will have the invoice name, number, your branding logo, and then there'll be two options for them to pay. They can either pay via ACH with their bank completely for free, or they can pay via credit card, in which case there would be a 2.99% Fee there. However, like I mentioned, on the accounts receivable side, by default, 100% of that charge will be paid for by your customer. But you do have control over if you wanted to adjust that at a global level, you could do so. Or if you wanted to adjust it on an individual invoice, we can also enable that for you.
Colton O'Farrell: So I'm going to check for understanding here. Yeah. We automate this. We have the link. We, so it sent, you guys are basically sending out the invoice at that point. Like it's generated, it goes to them, they pay it, because this has been my big hang up and trying to figure out how to account for this. If I send someone a physical invoice, that doesn't work for me. So, because we, okay, so from an accounting standpoint, we track those payments into separate accounts. It makes sense, but like we house money for our basketball, soccer, football, all these different accounts within our accounting because those people spend that money within our system that way. So accounting for the credit card fee was weird. It sounds like you'll charge them a credit card fee, keep the credit card fee, and then like, so say it was $100 before I get my $100.
13076201454: You'll just get the net amount. We'll handle all the PCI compliance for you and your customers.
Colton O'Farrell: What would happen if you sent that bill and they printed it and sent me a check?
13076201454: And they printed it and mailed you a check?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes.
13076201454: Well, within our Nickel Plus plan, so that is the paid-for subscription, we will be turning on remote check deposit. I believe it's not currently like go live. I know we have some beta customers who are testing it out right now. But that will be enabled very soon. And what that would do is you would just simply get the paper check you got, take a picture of it, and you'd be able to process it through Nickel. Like I mentioned, I don't believe it's turned on for the majority of our customers right now, but I do know that's something that they've enabled for kind of beta testing.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Well, I mean, again, that's a bit, I wouldn't tell you that 90% of the people that pay us pay us through check. It's exploring the option to allow people.
13076201454: To pay us Something else we do that you might like is we can, so for all of our customers, we have this payment portal that you'll have access to. It's something that you can customize to your liking and most of it with your like logo name, whatever kind of information you like. But you can take that link and actually embed it into your own website. And for most of our customers, that serves as either like a primary method of customers making payments to them or at least as a backup option. But what it would do is your customer would have two fields there. They would enter the amount that they're looking to pay, the reason for it. Maybe they put the invoice number. They would hit next and then it would say pay for free with ACH or pay via credit card for 2.99% fee and they could make a payment right on your website.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Okay.
13076201454: That's included in the free version as well.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. I do have a- those are the questions I've got.
13076201454: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no worries. And I do have a pre-recorded demo too, I imagine. You know, there's probably other people involved in this decision and I'm happy to share, like, I think it's like a seven minute pre-recorded demo I did that just kind of walks through the platform. But I'll share that once we get off this call here with some additional resources. You can watch that, share it with the team and whoever needs to see that generally it should answer the majority of their questions, particularly around your workflows. Some other things I was going to note. So I already told you about the fact that we handle the PCI compliance. We also have bank level security built in fraud protection. We're SOC 2 compliant, so all of you and your customers information is protected. We are never doing like batch processing. So even if you're processing a majority of invoices with one customer, We're going to treat those all as their own unique atomic unit. And so what that means is we're going to have one-to-one reconciliation between you, your customer, and the banks. And we do that by using encryption and tokenization for these secured payment links.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Well, first of all, I would really appreciate the video tutorial, because like I said, I'm still not at the office, so I'll need to end this soon. And then I need to just kind of, Take a minute and kind of process all the information, but I'm assuming it is and I'm assuming that that video tutorial is gonna show me that side of your guys's site where I would be manipulating that that the payments and stuff.
13076201454: Yeah, yeah, I would be showing you how you would work with nickel how you'd integrate with quickbooks online what your customers would see I would show you both sides of that Great, great.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so send me that for sure. Okay, then my last question is just to be frank. Let's say I stay on the on the free side I just use this to do ACH transfers and it meets all my expectations. How are you making any money on that?
13076201454: I mean, yeah, no, that's a great question.
Colton O'Farrell: Is it just the hope that we'll eventually use it to do some other stuff and an upgrade?
13076201454: Yeah, I can give you a little kind of backstory because that was some of my questions when I first joined Nickel is basically the kind of conception behind Nickel is there was all these companies like QuickBooks Online, build.com, Melio, a number of other providers who used to provide a service that was free ACH for their customers. A lot of them built like big followings and customer basis that really love them for that service. However, pretty much overnight, I think QuickBooks Online was the first one to make the switch. But after that, pretty much everybody else followed. And so customers who were paying absolutely nothing for that service went from paying zero to paying a few hundred to many thousands of dollars just for getting money into their account. Our founders saw the business opportunity there and they saw how a lot of these companies were preying on industries that had very low margins, like, you know, one to six percent. And so these companies couldn't really afford that fee. We offered that as a, you know, free service. When you do that, you get a lot of really happy customers. They generate a lot of buzz. They'll leave referrals and reviews for you and just kind of the network effect where even if a customer was generating us no money at all, there's a strong probability that at least one of their customers is somebody that could use our solution and maybe they're a larger company that they're gonna be processing millions of dollars in transactions with us. That was the bet that the founders placed years ago and now we're up to over 10,000 companies using us for accounts receivable. accounts payable or both. We're a profitable company already. And yeah, if you look at, I'll share our reviews on G2 as well. I know you said you have kind of a technical background. Are you familiar with G2?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep.
13076201454: It is very common in like software and the kind of tech space, but it's like the gold standard for reviews. They're verified. But I'm happy to link the G2 reviews. What you'll find on there is that We have a 4.9 out of 5 rating. You can even compare us to like a bill.com or Melio side by side there. And we were actually ranked by them as the number one easiest payment solution to use. So that's kind of the spiel there. But any questions with that?
Colton O'Farrell: No, I don't think so. Like I said, I think I'd like to watch that tutorial and then I need to kind of sit back and I need to revisit with QuickBooks because I'm still angry with them and I haven't gotten over it. So I'll go sometime this afternoon and then And then maybe try to, because email is a bit like if I wanted to schedule to talk about, like, I think I'm ready to do it by emailing you, is that the, okay, wait.
13076201454: You can actually, my role is to really equip you with everything you need to self-serve and to use a solution that meets your best use cases. So my job is to inform you, equip you with what you need. You will have everything you need to set up your account. You can even upgrade the account within there if you need the Plus plan. We do give all customers 14-day free trial to that. If you decide that, hey, the plus is more than what I need, you can always revert back to the free plan. But yeah, you're able to do all that yourself within the app. We really want to just equip you to be able to self-serve as you need.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay.
13076201454: But if you do have any questions, there's, you know, we have an in-app chat help where if you're messaging in there, it will be assigned a ticket. Go to our team. They're resolving that. within, you know, pretty immediately if it's a bigger issue, like it's a 24-hour turnaround time, but you're also able to reach out to me and I can, you know, help you escalate as needed. So.
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect. All right, send me some info and.
13076201454: I'm gonna get to work. Sounds great, Brett. We'll do and look forward to seeing.
Colton O'Farrell: You as a customer.
13076201454: All right, thanks for the call, man.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, have a good one. Bye-bye. Okay, bye-bye.
13076201454: .

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2898058.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011948Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
