---
title: Shaneque Downie and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-09-04'
time: '17:00:51'
duration_sec: 1899.69
duration_min: 31.7
participants:
- Zak George <zak@getnickel.com>
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Shaneque Downie <shaneque@downiesolutions.com>
- Shaneque's Meeting Assistant <null>
- read.ai meeting notes <null>
- Shaneque's Fathom Notetaker <null>
- read.ai meeting notes <null>
- Shaneque's Fathom Notetaker <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 31
---

Shaneque Downie: Hello. Hi there.
Colton O'Farrell: Hi Shaneque, how's it going today?
Shaneque Downie: Pretty good, thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. I know we might have Zach from my side joining. He was the individual you spoke to back, I believe it was like July 1st, if the conversation rings a bell.
Shaneque Downie: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, Shaneque, it's really nice to meet you. Just to introduce myself, my name's Colton. I work on the customer success team here at Nickel. So we'll be learning a little bit more about your business and then showing you the Nickel solution and how it may be able to assist your business. Would love to learn a little bit more just about yourself, the company. I did some Google searches looking through your website. I was curious what was some information you could tell me that wasn't on the website and would just love to learn a little bit more about your business.
Shaneque Downie: So I do, what you don't see on the website is the consulting stuff that I do with like entertainment. So like I work with promoters, production managers and stuff and I work like live concerts.
Colton O'Farrell: Wow, that's super cool project.
Shaneque Downie: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: That's really awesome. How does that work for you today in terms of billing for your services?
Shaneque Downie: So it's just, Custom billing just depends on what work they need. Do they need a budget done? Do they need somebody to oversee the finances?
Colton O'Farrell: For sure. More so talking about the logistics aspects of it. So actually sending the payment to whoever you're doing work for, how they're paying you, kind of working through what that looks like.
Shaneque Downie: Well, currently I just send invoices through QuickBooks and I use QuickBooks payments.
Colton O'Farrell: So you're probably familiar then that QuickBooks takes a chunk from the invoices that you send.
Shaneque Downie: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: And are they charging, I've heard, so generally it's one to two percent. What are you paying with them?
Shaneque Downie: Oh, it's more like three percent.
Colton O'Farrell: Three percent for you. Is that, do they cap the amount or is it uncapped and could be any, like the three percent of the total invoice?
Shaneque Downie: For credit cards, it's uncapped. For ACH, it's $20 cap.
Colton O'Farrell: $20 cap, okay.
Shaneque Downie: One percent, $20.
Colton O'Farrell: Got it. And for the credit card, you said that's uncapped. What is the rate that they charge for processing? Same credit cards. And are you eating that fee at all?
Shaneque Downie: I eat the fee, yes. It's like I said, it's 3%, it's two and a half to 3% plus like 20 cents or 25 cents each. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, well, I mean, just based on that alone, Nickel can definitely save you money and make your process more easier, more streamlined. It sounds like you're on QuickBooks Online as well. Or is it the desktop version? Online. Wonderful. Well, this is all awesome news for us because we have a native integration. How it would work is you wouldn't need to change your kind of workflow or how you're doing things today. The only thing that would change is when you generate the invoice in QuickBooks Online, you know how there's the option to save the invoice or there's, you can review and hit send to your customer. What you would do, so you would have a Nickel account, it would be created, or sorry, it'd be integrated with our platform. So when you generate an invoice, instead of hitting send, Review and Send, you would simply hit Save Invoice. When you hit Save Invoice, that's going to grab your invoice and bring it into Nickel, and you can send it either automatically to your customer. We have some automation you can turn on, or if you don't want the automation turned on, maybe because typically you create an invoice, but you have to go back and make edits or modifications pretty regularly. If you're doing that, you would just go into Nickel and hit one button that says Send Payment Request, you'd click on that, we'd either send it via email or via SMS text message to your customer, they would receive a link that says, hey, we have a invoice for Downie Solutions for whatever the amount is, there would be an option that would say pay now, they would click the pay now button and it would bring them to either pay with their bank via ACH completely for free, so there's no charge for you or for your customers, or if they want to pay via credit card, they can also do that. However, they will be the ones paying the fee. So there's a 2.99% fee on credit cards. So if your customer pays for that, let's say the invoice amount is like $100, there would be a 2.99% fee. You would just get the net amount of that $100. Nickel would handle all the PCI compliance and make sure that we maintain compliance with all state requirements and just federally, but your customer would pay for that credit card fee and you would just get the net amount. So Nickel would get the 2.99 kind of as their cut, but that's only for credit cards. If your customer wants to pay via ACH, it is always free.
Shaneque Downie: Okay, so just to recap, what's the credit card fee?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, and here I'll just go ahead and share my screen and pull up the pricing so I can kind of talk through it and give you some visuals to look at as I do so. We really have two plans available with Nickel. We have our Nickel Core Plan, which is what everyone gets set up with when they first get started. That is our completely free plan. There are some limitations. It's more so designed for small businesses, and it just depends on your use cases and what makes the most sense. What this allows for is, with any of our plans, Nickel, we never charge you or your customers for ACH. That is always free across the board. However, on the Nickel Core Plan, there are some limitations. Those being you can only have three active users from your side on the account. You only can do ACH transactions, however, they are capped at $25,000 per ACH transaction. So it's not cumulative. You could do a thousand, $25,000 transactions. You just cannot do one at say $26,000 over that limit. So that's kind of the main limitation there. It's generally a three day turnaround time to get the ACH from your customer's bank to your bank, as long as we get it, the cutoff time is 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. So as long as you get it in before that 4:00 PM cutoff time, you can expect that to be a three-day turnaround time to your account. This is again the completely free plan. Some other limitations there are you can't do like recurring payments or do auto debit where we're like your customer has given you permission to pull based on a certain threshold or for like a time limit or period of time. Those are only available on the Nickel Plus plan, but happy to talk through that because this may be applicable to you. So Nickel Plus, it is either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month on an annual plan. So it bills out one time at $420. It's a 20% discount with that plan. What we do for this plan is we bump up, so we remove the three active users, so you can have unlimited users on your account. We also bump up the $25,000 limit. To just under $1,000,000 per ACH transaction. And again, no fees with that ever. You can also schedule payments in advance. You can do recurring payments and we can also set up auto debit authorization with your customers. So if they agree to the criteria, you can just automatically pull from their account and move that money into your account as they've given permission. What we also do is we speed up the ACH processing time. So instead of the three day turnaround time, it's a two day turnaround time there, but I'll pause. Any questions kind of with this? I wanted to call out there are no hidden fees. There's no per transaction charges. The only way you pay anything more than the $45 monthly or $35 a month on the annual plan is if you agree to eat some of the credit card surcharge on when your customers are paying you on those invoices. Like I said, by default they pay that fee 100%. You do have control though, so you could split the cost if you'd like. But that's the only way that you would be paying anything more is if you agree to eat the credit card surcharge or if on for accounts payable, you are paying your bills with a credit card, in which case there's again that 2.9% fee there. But if you're paying bills with Nickel via ACH, there's no fees whatsoever for ACH.
Shaneque Downie: Okay, so the fee is 2.9% and you're saying I can decide if I my customer or we paid at 2.9%.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. For accounts receivable, if you're paying bills and paying vendors via Nickel with a credit card, that one we don't provide you to be able to manage that. But I'll show you what it looks like on the accounts receivable side. So you just log into Nickel, you'd go to account settings right here. When you're in account settings, there's this get paid tab here, and this is the global rule that you would set for all of your customers. You can override this on a per customer and per invoice level. So as you'll see here, the credit card surcharge rate is by default 100% for the customer to pay. So that is the default, but you can come in here and change this to be any percentage you want, and this would impact like a global setting rule. So this is the 100% if you want to split it. 50/50, 25/75, you want to fully eat the cost, you do have that complete control there. And then even if you have this set up to be default, customer is going to pay this 100%. However, let's say for this one particular invoice, we want to adjust that rate to be to split it 50/50. You can come in here and split it on any individual invoice or customer level. Any questions with that?
Shaneque Downie: I mean, that's the same or more than what I'm paying with QuickBooks.
Colton O'Farrell: So this way, though, it sounds like you're eating the fee today with QuickBooks. With this, the clients, are you building in that pricing to, are you building in that fee into your pricing is what you're saying?
Shaneque Downie: No, if they choose to pay with a credit card, I don't take a lot of credit card. I'll add 3% to it today.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, one thing you might like as well is that Nickel charges all credit cards at the same rate. So even cards that are more expensive like Amex, it's always going to be that 2.99%.
Shaneque Downie: I don't think more than 2.95. So that's just for accounts receivable.
Colton O'Farrell: So the on accounts receivable, if your customer wants to pay you via credit card, they would pay the 2.99% fee. And I don't even know if you'd be doing this, but if you're paying bills with Nickel and you're using a credit card, There's a 2.90% fee on the accounts payable side. But if you're just paying with ACH, you're just getting paid by your customers via ACH, there's no fee ever for that.
Shaneque Downie: I don't, I mean, I don't mostly use ACH. It's 1% up to $20.
Colton O'Farrell: Right. So, I mean, we aren't charging anything for ACH and we do have the completely free plan if you wanted to use Nickel on a free plan. I'm going to, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and just create you as a customer so you can see what it looks like for your customers to receive the invoice. So firstly, I'll kind of walk you through since you're on QuickBooks Online, very easy process. You just go to account settings here. You click this integrations button, you click link QuickBooks account. This will pull up the QuickBooks page. You'll sign in with your information, select your company, select your chart of accounts, Once you do so, everything flows in a Nickel from an accounts receivable perspective here and an accounts payable perspective here. So we'll bring in all of your invoices, your customers, vendors, whatever you want to bring in. And then if say like this is a invoice that was brought in from QuickBooks, you would simply go over here to this request payment, click that. We would send it either via email or via phone number and you would simply send that link. Your customer will get a secure hyperlink either to their email or text. And I'll actually set you up as a customer so you can see what this looks like, and I'll delete you.
Shaneque Downie: Once we're done here. So the invoices have to be sent from Nickel or you said there's an.
Colton O'Farrell: Automation where once I save it, it would send from QuickBooks. Yeah, so if you are generating invoices in QuickBooks and after the invoice has been generated, you don't need to do any kind of edits or modifications. So my demo account's not connected to a QuickBooks, but this is kind of a screenshot of what it would look like. It would say Downie Solutions. It would have your QuickBooks number. And then there's this toggable field right below that where if this is enabled, anytime you create an invoice in QuickBooks and you hit save, once you hit save, we will automatically send that to your customer and they will receive that email, which I'll show you in a second, and then they would be able to complete the payment with you. However, if you have this turned off because maybe you create an invoice, but you have to go in and make edits and modifications, If you had this turned on, anytime you would make an edit, your customer would get an email. So if you have to review invoices or change information, we typically recommend keeping this off, just popping into Nickel and hitting that request payment button and sending that link off.
Shaneque Downie: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: So I'm going to add you as a customer here and I'm going to just generate kind of a sample invoice. Curious, what are the typical invoice ranges that you're typically billing for? Like on the low end to the high end.
Shaneque Downie: Low end like $500 a month, high end up to 15,000.
Colton O'Farrell: Up to 15,000. Cool.
Shaneque Downie: Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: That's just helpful for me to put in something that looks familiar to you. So we'll do that on like the high end for your invoices. So I'm generating a one time payment here. We can also do like recurring and stuff. We can schedule that to be weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly. But we're to do this as a one time invoice. We also will grab any attachments that are in QuickBooks and automatically bring them over. Since I'm just generating this in Nickel directly, I'm just attaching a sample invoice to show you that it will be brought over. So you're going to get an email in just a second here once I'm finished with this and I'll just put demo. I'll also delete it once we're done so you don't get confused and think that we have you have an invoice with us for $15,000, which you definitely do not. But all right, so I've created that. The invoice, if I would have went to like the advanced settings, I could have changed the card rate too, but I'll just keep it at the default so you see what it looks like. We're going to send you this secure hyperlink right here. You'll get that email in just a second. But if you were curious what it would look like for your customers before sending, I just copied that link and I'm pasting it in to a new browser here. And you can see when you get the email and you click pay now, this is the same screen that you'll see. Did you get that email?
Shaneque Downie: Mm-.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. So if you were to hit pay now on that, you will be brought to the same screen. So it would show your name, show your email, your branded logo, the invoice name or purpose invoice would be attached right there. And then there's the two options for your customer to pay. So if they want to pay with their bank via ACH, there's no fee for that. They just need to enter their routing and account number, hit pay, or if they want to pay via card, there is the 2.99% fee. However, again, the customer is paying for that fully and you are just going to get the net amount of the 15,000.
Shaneque Downie: Mm-. Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: Any questions with this piece of it?
Shaneque Downie: No, I mean, I think I like the fact that if the fee was to the customer, they would see the difference between paying with an ACH versus paying with.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. No, that's a great call out. And one of the reasons that we have it listed there as well is just to show them. I mean, you know, there's all kinds of reasons people want to pay with a credit card, whether it's they want to credit card points for some vacations or they want a 45 day float. I mean, we've had people pay invoices for like $500,000 with a credit card before people all kind of our kind of philosophy of it is give people the options. You clearly mark that the ACH is free. They want to do that for it to be more cost effective. They can, but give them the option for credit cards because if they want it for their own purposes or reasons for you, I mean, if you're not having to pay additional because of that, For you, it just gives more opportunity for your customers to pay you is how we see it.
Shaneque Downie: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Something else that might be interesting for you is in addition to creating these individual invoices, sending them off, having your customers pay that, we also set you up on day one when you have your account set up, you will have access to this payment portal right here. This payment portal can be embedded into your website. Most of our customers use this as a one-stop shop or a backup method. If their primary method is not working, what this enables is your customer to come in here and just make any kind of payment to you with the same options. This is the payment portal screen here. It's completely customizable. You can change the name, background, logo. We can even change the URL and domain there. But this serves as a one-stop shop for a customer to make a payment. If they were just going here, they'd go make a payment. They want to pay by card. There's that 2.99% fee. They want to pay via their bank and ACH. It's free. They just need to enter their information. And like I said, most of our customers will take that and they will embed it on their website and say like, make a payment or customer portal. And this just serves for them to be able to pay you at any point. It is not tied to a specific invoice. More so just serves so that when they're like, Hey, can I just send you a check instead? And you're like, actually, Here's this link. Can you please make the payment electronically for both of our sakes so, you know, your check doesn't get lost in the mail or whatnot. Okay. Like I mentioned, it is customizable as well. So you can change the, you know, information here, branded logo, banner, and for on the paid for subscription too, we can even give you a custom URL or domain if you'd like. But that's kind of the majority of what I had to show you here in the demo. Just curious on kind of your overall thoughts, if you think that Nickel would be a good fit for your business and we could kind of talk through next steps if you think so.
Shaneque Downie: I think it's a good addition. Like I said, the idea that it tells them the difference right up front instead of me having to explain it. And you said on the free plan, I don't get automatic billing, correct?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, so that is only a paid for feature. So the scheduling of payments, doing reoccurring, we also have that audit, like the auto debit authorization. So if your customer gives you permission, you can just automatically pull from their account and pay the invoice as needed. All of those features I've mentioned are in the paid for plus plan. We do give all customers a 14 day free trial of that. Everyone, like I said, when they get started with Nickel, They're set up on the free plan. You would just go to account settings. There's a plans tab here and you would just upgrade as needed. If you do the 14 days and you realize maybe this is more than I need, I'm fine with the free plan. You can always revert back to the free plan.
Shaneque Downie: Okay. And then you mentioned there's unlimited processing with the ACH, but what about with credit card? Is it the same thing?
Colton O'Farrell: There's no, no kind of with no limits with credit cards or yep.
Shaneque Downie: Okay. And what if I upgraded and I did the paid plan with automatic debit? Yep. Will that do credit cards as well? Automatic credit card charges?
Colton O'Farrell: Well, it would be what your customer, what your customer agrees to. So I sent this to, like I was doing another demo earlier where a customer was asking about it so I can show you the Email that I.
Shaneque Downie: Got.
Colton O'Farrell: Should see here, payment authorization request. So if you were setting up, this is one, you could set it where there's no transaction amount and it doesn't expire. I just put in here for my sample one, this is for $25,000 or like up to a transaction amount of $25,000 expires in a year. Your customer gets this, so it's letting them know that this is to allow auto debit from Downie Solutions. We let them know that their information is all protected. We're SOC 2 compliant. We have bank level security, built in fraud protection, protecting all their information. What they would do is they'd go to complete payment method here. It's again, if they didn't read those frequently asked questions on the first email, we do have it again right there for them. All they would have to do is go get started, click that they agree to these terms, hit next step, and they would either, they could have it so that their card is set to be automatically charged or just their bank account is set to be automatically charged.
Shaneque Downie: Okay. And I use 17 hats, which uses Stripe. Do you have any Stripe or 17 hats integration?
Colton O'Farrell: So we, how are you using them today?
Shaneque Downie: So 17 hats I use to send out my proposals. I used 17 had to send out my proposal and collect the deposit.
Colton O'Farrell: So you aren't sending out that via QuickBooks, just the invoice itself?
Shaneque Downie: Not with the proposal. So with my proposal, there's an automation that does proposal contract, and then I always collect a deposit.
Colton O'Farrell: I gotcha. So we don't currently have integrations. For that. So I would imagine you would still keep that kind of as is the process, especially if it's automated for you. What we would be doing is we would be replacing you sending, you would keep QuickBooks obviously, but we would be replacing the step where you send the invoice to your customer via QuickBooks. You would simply be sending it through Nickel instead. So you could either have it automatically sent like you have set up today for your proposals, or you would have that turned off. And you would just simply come into the Get Paid tab and fire that off just by hitting Request Payment and then hitting the Send Link button.
Shaneque Downie: Do you have any integration with Stripe?
Colton O'Farrell: We don't have an integration with Stripe.
Shaneque Downie: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: They're actually kind of a competitor, so we don't quite, I don't imagine they'd want to have an integration with us.
Shaneque Downie: Okay. Yeah, I think that was all of my questions.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Yeah, and I talked about this a little bit, but I'll just quickly give you kind of the insight into the security and payment data protection. So it's pretty straightforward here. We meet all the security requirements for, we're a federal, we're A financial institution moving money federally. So of course all of that is insured by FDIC insured accounts. We again handle all the PCI compliance and standards. If your customers are paying credit card fees, we are audited quarterly for SOC 2 compliance, and we meet all the requirements to be protecting your information as well as any of your customers. And then we're protecting all of the payment links with encryption and tokenization. Nickel's on the front lines when it comes to any kind of fraud, like a fraudster would have to hit Nickel first before it would ever hit any of our customers. So that's kind of just the basics with the data protection security elements. Happy to share some of this information via email once we're off the call here. But really, you have everything you need in order to get started and to use Nickel. All you have to do is create your account, and once you've created your account, you just need to link your bank account or payout method, go to account settings, go to get paid, and you just link that rate here. That's needed in order so we know where to send the money to. And also because again, we are a financial institution, we do have to meet federal regulations. So there's the Bank Secrecy Act, know your customer laws and anti-money laundering regulations that we need to follow. We can't do any of that until the bank account is connected. But once that's connected and we've done that check, you are good to start sending or receiving payments as needed.
Shaneque Downie: Okay, understood.
Colton O'Farrell: Good.
Shaneque Downie: One second, please. Let me take you.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, of course.
Shaneque Downie: Okay, I'll send it today. Okay. It's zero, but. Okay, I'll put something on there. Okay. Did you call the bank? Okay, all right. I'll wait on your call. I thought, thank you. Sorry, go ahead.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no worries. All good. Mostly wrapped up on my end. I will be sending you an email with some of those resources. I'll also have a link to the demo we walked through in case you were curious of exploring that or looking through that. But again, you have everything you need. My role is really just to educate you on what exists. What Nickel could potentially do for your business. And the way that I see it, we could absolutely save you money on the QuickBooks fees that they're charging. I mean, that's the majority of, we have over 10,000 customers who use Nickel for AR, AP, or both. And about 98% of those are utilizing QuickBooks online today. And one of the biggest reasons is because QuickBooks charges the 1% to 3% fee on those invoices. Nickel alone provides a service that is completely free to use, especially around ACH. And if you were curious to, I could link. We do have our, if you're familiar with G2, it's like kind of the gold standard for online software review platforms. But Nickel's on here. We have a five-star rating. We are ranked the number one easiest payment, easiest to use payment solution and the number one highest rated solution. Something that a lot of our customers really enjoy is the support aspects that we provide. So within the plant, within utilizing Nickel, you always have this help center here that has a live chat that goes to a human. So if you ever have any questions or concerns, you can send us a message here. This will instantly be directed to either our customer success team, our support team, or the engineers, whoever needs to assist with your question. Our response time is about during business hours is within eight minutes. And then even afterwards, we have people that are kind of around the clock checking and making sure that our customers are always getting the assistance that they need.
Shaneque Downie: All right, no, that sounds good. I think I'll sign up for the free version for now until I test it out some more because it's the integrations that I'm mostly worried about because.
Colton O'Farrell: I could-- Of course.
Shaneque Downie: With, with the 17 hats. The last step is the, the invoice. So if I could somehow zap it to Nickel or something. And then just to confirm again, the one thing I could do with the ACH, the credit card fees, like, you know, I don't mind eating, like, the 0.99 and then making it two percent for my clients, you know what I mean? So just to confirm, I could set that up from the beginning where I'm splitting the fee, right?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. So if you wanted to do that here, I mean, I'm not amazing at the math here, but. So you were wanting to eat, like, the point.
Shaneque Downie: It's 33.
Colton O'Farrell: 33.
Shaneque Downie: So.
Colton O'Farrell: Or let's see if it was. Yeah, like, no, I said it right.
Shaneque Downie: I pay 33.
Colton O'Farrell: So, yes, this is dictating what percentage that your customer is going to pay. So we would have it be if you wanted to pay. So if it's at 100%, so it's.
Shaneque Downie: 67, sorry, I'm reading it.
Colton O'Farrell: Exactly. So you have that full control here. So this would be the global rule. So this would apply for all of your customers. If you wanted to just do that for an individual customer or invoice, you can do that by clicking on to any of your customers here. And you can set that on a per customer level or per invoice level as well if you don't want that to be the global rule.
Shaneque Downie: Understood. Do you have Zapi or Pably?
Colton O'Farrell: In terms of integration?
Shaneque Downie: Correct.
Colton O'Farrell: Right now we just do the QuickBooks Online as a native integration. That is real time. Anything done within QuickBooks Online will show up in Nickel. Anything done in Nickel will show up in QuickBooks Online in real time. We do have an API that we utilize. We haven't provided that like the documentation for our customers yet, but that may change in the future. I know that's something that has been kind of discussed internally quite a bit, and it's more so just making sure that, you know, we connect to the most used systems and don't want to make any, we don't want this to, our platform is very straightforward, very simple to use. When you add lots of like integrations and technical components, you can get a little more murky for some of our customers. So we're just trying to keep it as simple and as easy to use. Most of our customers find it to be pretty intuitive and straightforward. But right now, it's just the QuickBooks Online integration. But if you do have your QuickBooks Online integrated with any of these other systems, sometimes QuickBooks Online can be used as a bridge. You get the information from those other systems, you get it into QuickBooks Online.
Shaneque Downie: And once it's in QuickBooks Online, we.
Colton O'Farrell: Can bring it into Nickel. All right, sounds good. Cool. Awesome. Well, it's been a pleasure meeting you. I'm going to go ahead. I will be sending you an email before end of day today here just with some of the resources. Like I said, you have everything you need to get started. If any questions arise, you do have access as well to the help center where you can get in touch with our team right away. But if needed, you can also reach out to me directly and get to it as soon as I can. My schedule is a little more busy with meetings, but always make sure to get back to our customers.
Shaneque Downie: All right, great. Thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: Wonderful. We'll have a great rest of your day and looking forward to supporting your business.
Shaneque Downie: Thanks. Have a good one, Colton.
Colton O'Farrell: You too. Bye-bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3676036.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011954Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
