---
title: Michael Mann and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-30'
time: '14:01:05'
duration_sec: 2141.9
duration_min: 35.7
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Michael Mann <mmann@tuckermanngroup.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 33
---

Michael Mann: Hi.
Colton O'Farrell: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Mann: Hey, good morning.
Colton O'Farrell: How are you doing really well? How about yourself, sir?
Michael Mann: I'm good.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, Michael, thanks so much for making some time to jump on this call with us today. Really just wanted to kind of overview a little bit of how we do things typically here, but I obviously want to learn more about you, your business, what you got going on from an AR and AP standpoint. We're curious how you found Nickel. And also, once I get an understanding of more of your use cases and how your business operates, I'll be sure to show you the Nickel platform and kind of walk you through what you would see and what your customers would see. Once we do that, we'll wrap up on discussing whether it's a good fit and kind of what plan would best support your business. But how does that sound for you?
Michael Mann: That sounds good. Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, Michael, yeah, if you want to start and take it away, that'd be awesome.
Michael Mann: Yeah. So yesterday, let me back up. What I'm doing is I'm investment, I'm investing in real estate. So I'm buying houses, I'm fixing them up, I'm holding on to them and I'm renting them out. So, but it's out of state. I registered my LLC in Birmingham, Alabama. I've bought a property and I've found a contractor that can do the work, but I need to pay him. So, you know, I have company. I have. I've opened up funded company credit cards, and I need to be able to use those credit cards to, you know, pay him. Yeah. Do an ACH to his account or whatever to pay him as he goes, and then. I get a draw from the lender and I'll pay it right back, that type thing. So yesterday there's platforms called Plastique and Melio, I think it's called. Yep. I tried Plastique and it didn't everything went great set up all this and I sent the payment and then it didn't get approved because it couldn't verify my company and you know, I have an EIN, I have a registered agent, I have all the paperwork that I'm set up, but it didn't go through. So, then I tried, yeah, I tried Melio. And I don't know what happened there. I have, but the same thing happened. So I'm like, what in the world? You know, it's two legitimate companies. The guy's been in business for a while. I've been in business for a short time. Yeah. I don't know why it didn't go through. Question, you can't get human beings with either one of those companies.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely.
Michael Mann: To help you. So it's like taking a day to get a reply back from Plastique. So I was like, well, anyway, that led me to you guys. I don't know if it's the same thing. Do y'all do the same thing?
Colton O'Farrell: Uh, so we, Melio, I would say, is our most similar kind of competitor. But with the way that our business operates and the partnerships that we have, we're able to offer things that Melio just is not Even they're not, it's not possible for them to offer. So we have a like a sponsor sponsorship and partnership with a bank where we're able to provide completely free ACH to all of our customers. Melio used to do that and provided that for like the last five years, but around last September, they changed their process. So QuickBooks Online changed it. And after that, Melio followed suit, bill.com, some of these other solutions that we're providing free ACH, they all changed that overnight. So our company was started in 2022. We had always provided the free ACH, but when we saw all these other companies shift to that model, we decided that was a really dumb idea and that we were not going to be doing that. A lot of their customers got really upset set by that. They were pushing back on them. A lot of these people went from paying a few, they went from paying nothing to paying hundreds or thousands of dollars a year. just to get money into their bank account. So yes, we are similar to Melio, but we operate completely differently than them and don't try to price gouge our customers.
Michael Mann: Because I know through the setup process last night, I stopped shortly into it because it was asking for my, you know, company's bank account. And I've set one up, but Colton, there's like maybe $100 in it or something because I don't use it. I'm in Virginia and my business is in Alabama and I'm paying, you know, I want to pay everything with my 0% interest credit cards. So I didn't know how to continue the setup process or, you know, if keeping a low balance in that company is that an alarm for you guys? Like, hey, this guy, you know, doesn't have any money, whatever that was my concern. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: And I'm happy to explain that more. So we, we do use plaid for very verification. And I imagine that, were you using that with plastique and melio?
Michael Mann: They didn't ask me for any of that. Oh, setup. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Interesting. Well, well, we use that. And kind of the main reason why we need to, you know, know some of that information is because, you know, just the basic is we need to know who we're moving money for because of federal laws and compliance. Typically, like our company, so we'll use Plaid to securely link and verify accounts during onboarding. But if bank blocks Plaid or it doesn't provide enough data, typically, like our team can manually review that, but we do need typically to be provided with three months of bank statements, government issued ID, and then, you know, bank and routing numbers so we can know which account to put that in. Unfortunately, that I know it's sensitive information, but it's not optional with us as we're, we have to uphold financial institution standards. So there's the federal know your customer law, anti-money laundering regulations under the bank secrecy act.
Michael Mann: So would it be, I guess, better, you know, my company name is Tuckerman Group, LLC, but could I use my personal banking to verify my identity?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. So what I will do is, you know, we're having this conversation. I got my AI note taker on here. So it's recording all of that. I'll just discuss with the team or send them the notes. You know, you're, this situation is not like an anomaly for us. We have plenty of customers who they either just started a business, maybe just acquired a business. They're kind of just getting set up. So we have different ways of verifying and making sure, like looking into that you're using us for our intended purposes and kind of good use cases. We, unlike Melio, unlike Plastiq, It's very easy to get a hold of a human being at Nickel, and you'll see that. I'm not sure if you looked in our reviews, but we're definitely called out a lot for the customer support and just level of human to human connection that we provide. So I wouldn't worry about any of that. I do get notifications when my customers, like the teams, our compliance and regulatory team has reviewed all that. So if there's any issues there, I mean, we'll just handle that via email, can call my phone number and my in my signature. And then we also have built in like chat features within the app. So if you comment in there, it's going to create a ticket. It's going to go to the proper team or get assigned to the proper team and they will respond within, I would imagine, 30 minutes to an hour at like kind of the latest, unless it's a back-to-back meeting day.
Michael Mann: So I'm gonna pull Nickel up here on my other laptop, man. I have to do it at the moment just so I can see where it takes me is I don't know if it'll take me back to where I stopped registering or not.
Colton O'Farrell: It should. And the one thing that you just have to do, Mike, in order to actually activate your account, so you got your account set up, you just need to go into the account settings and add a payment method or like link your bank account. But that's really the only step that you need to do in order to start sending or receiving money via Nickel. Sounds like you're mostly just going to use us for the accounts payable side of things.
Michael Mann: Well, immediately, yes, because here's what I'm I've got it. I'm starting a demo on this house I bought and the guy needs $5,800 to buy the tile, everything for the first bathroom. So yeah, today I need to get that done if possible. But moving forward, man, if you guys have a platform that tracks my invoices and I can use you, I mean, obviously I'll use you for other things. But immediate need is to figure out a way to between now and forever be able to pay, you know, my guy or, you know, whoever my property manager moving forward, you know, anything like that. So yes, yes, I, you know, I plan on using the crap out of you guys for other things, but right now, I don't know what I don't know and I need to get this guy money.
Colton O'Farrell: Of course, yeah, no worries. you- know, the way that we've kind of designed our business is my ultimate role here is to educate you, learn more about your business, and try to provide tailored recommendations to the solution that's going to best meet your needs. We want to keep you as a customer. We want to make sure you're happy. So if you have any questions with that, you can just let me know. But I mean, we have plenty of customers who use us, who don't pay us anything. And even in those instances, I mean, anything from leaving reviews, referrals, you know they are sometimes our greatest driver of new customers so my role is just really educate you you can use nickel to whatever solution makes the most sense for your business and I'm just here to support you as you need.
Michael Mann: Is. This I'm getting a are you guys getnickel.com we are getnickel.com yep okay all right I was just putting nickel in and just wasn't coming up yep sorry.
Colton O'Farrell: It'S yeah getnickel.com and then there's a login button right on the the main home screen when you Yeah.
Michael Mann: Let'S see. Yeah, welcome back crap I was doing this at like midnight last night. I don't know what the hell I put my username. Let's see.
Colton O'Farrell: No worries, I have that happen all the time.
Michael Mann: I know I didn't write it down. I usually write every time I. See. If that were no email and password combination found.
Colton O'Farrell: Let me see if I can get any insight on my end.
Michael Mann: I'm not sure that's what my, I wonder if it's my email.
Colton O'Farrell: I believe it might be the M man@parkman.com.
Michael Mann: Yeah, yeah, that's what it was. That's probably what I did. Yes, I'm in. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome.
Michael Mann: All right. Okay. Yeah, it took me to a summary page.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, that's kind of the main screen that you'll land on. Honestly, it's not super relevant to what you'll be doing. You'll mostly be living in the bill pay section. So question for you, are you operating on like a QuickBooks online or are you like doing spreadsheets mostly? What do you got going on?
Michael Mann: I'm not, I'm not. Right now, I have no account management platform at all. I am, you know, I'm in the world during the day and I'm just, you know, I'm doing real estate for a couple hours every night dealing with this first house I bought. And so if your thing, if your page offers anything like that, then, you know, I'm in.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. So the one thing, how, so you just got this one contractor that you're looking to pay kind of right now. There's not, nobody else kind of in the, the, Immediate future, like you mentioned, maybe I have a property management. But I mean, what you do in this scenario is we would just set your contractor up as a vendor. So you'd go right here to vendor, you'd go to new vendor. If you have their information, you can enter it. And by the way, you can see my screen.
Michael Mann: Okay. Or it's really small on my phone. Let me turn it this way.
Colton O'Farrell: Does that matter?
Michael Mann: That'S a little better. Yeah, I got you now. Cool.
Colton O'Farrell: I can zoom in just like this, but maybe one more out. But you just come to vendors under the bill pay. You go to new vendor here. If you have, if you know their information, you can enter it. But if you don't know all the details, you can go to no and ask the vendor to fill it out. So here's what we're gonna do, Mike. I'm gonna add you as a vendor.
Michael Mann: Just so you can see what it would look like. How did you get there? How did you get to add a vendor? That's what I don't.
Colton O'Farrell: I'm at vendors. View and manage your vendors. Yep. So I went to vendors and I went to this tab, new vendor here. Do you have that on your end?
Michael Mann: No, I don't I don't see it says so bill pay is what I'm looking at.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so it might not allow you to see this yet until you add a bank account. So there are some things limited until the bank account aspect is added because they want to make sure you do that before you, you know, start trying to send or receive payments just because it wouldn't work in that scenario.
Michael Mann: Right. So if I when I add a bank account I'll have the option to pay by credit card and not my bank. Is that what you're saying?
Colton O'Farrell: You can pay either via ACH or via credit card.
Michael Mann: Okay, because yeah, the last thing I want to do is pull it out of my personal account for sure.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I'm just gonna add you as a vendor to here, let me just grab. So I'm gonna shoot you an email quick. This is what your contractor would see and just kind of how you would interact with the solution. So I think that might be helpful to demonstrate. For you so let me just grab.
Michael Mann: If you don't mind send it to my personal email so I can look at it on my on the laptop I have open.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, what is that personal email?
Michael Mann: It's Michael dot man m I c h a e l dot m a n n number one at Comcast c o m c a s t.net cool and I'll get out of your website here and just open up my email so I can be with you.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, yeah, no worries.
Michael Mann: I appreciate it, man. I'm a little, I'm not terribly tech savvy and I'm trying.
Colton O'Farrell: Don't worry about it, man. No, you're, your Leaps and Bounds, your Leaps and Bounds ahead of a lot of other people I talked to.
Michael Mann: So I had no idea I was going to buy a house this quick and a great deal came in. So I'm now kind of behind the eight ball of getting my, you know, office part set up.
Colton O'Farrell: So You know, it's funny, my brother actually just bought a house to you in a crazy short turnaround time, but sometimes it's just a good it's a good investment and you know, you just got to jump on those things. So I'm going to be sending you an email here. You'll be getting it from receipts@nickelpayments.com, but I'm sending it to you now. So this will add you is essentially setting you up as a vendor. The email is going to come from, it's going to say Degraded Distribution, that's just the demo account here. But if you want to, yeah, just let me know when you get that, I'd be happy to kind of explain it there.
Michael Mann: Yeah, it's not coming through. Oh, it hasn't come through yet. That's crazy. It usually comes through pretty quick.
Colton O'Farrell: Should be coming through unless I just missed the email itself. Let me just double check that I got that correctly.
Michael Mann: It's Michael.Man1@comcast.net.
Colton O'Farrell: Does this look correct here?
Michael Mann: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay.
Michael Mann: Why the hell's it not coming through? Jesus Christ.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it should be in your inbox already. If you're not, you want to refresh the Gmail or the just refresh your email quick?
Michael Mann: Yeah, I'll this was going on yesterday a little bit with my with just internet and email itself, just email, everything else was fine.
Colton O'Farrell: You know, we don't have this problem happen because of, you know, we're sending constant emails from this address. So the deliverability is extremely high. But if you're not seeing in your email right now, I would check the spam folder. We don't really have that problem for other customers, but it should be in your inbox right now. And if it's not, I would just double check to make sure it didn't happen to land in there.
Michael Mann: Yeah, it's not in there. What the heck?
Colton O'Farrell: Interesting. Okay, well, here, let me try sending.
Michael Mann: I don't know why it would take that long.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it's usually just like a one second delay and it should be in there. At Comcast.net. Hm. She's still, still nothing, though?
Michael Mann: Nothing. And it's not even going into the junk. That's what's crazy.
Colton O'Farrell: Interesting.
Michael Mann: I don't want to leave you, but let me.
Colton O'Farrell: Do you want, do you mind if I. Do you mind if I try sending it to the other email? The one that.
Michael Mann: Yeah, but I only have that on my phone. I haven't set it up on my. I don't have access to it on my computer. That's why I was. I'm sorry.
Colton O'Farrell: No, no, it's totally fine, Michael. But anyways, I mean, we can still kind of talk through of how we're.
Michael Mann: Going to just talk through it, man, and I'll get you. Yeah, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: So it's a really easy process. You just need to add them as a vendor for you paying your actual contractor in this scenario. You just come to bills here. So you'd come just to new bill right here. That's on the bill pay side. Yeah, you would just list your vendor. So if we are the contractor, so we'll grab you in this scenario, could enter kind of any kind of amount you'd want. So we'll just put that in there. You could put the invoice name or number. So you could call this whatever you like, as well as attach any kind of attachments if you need to. You're not required to do that, but if you're needing to, you know, we can always just simply add that for you. But you would just go to the reason for what this is. So we'll just have demo, go to make a payment, and then you could either pay via a card. If you pay via a credit card, there is a 2.9% credit card processing fee for the accounts payable side. But if you do pay via a bank account, via ACH, there's no fee. And then it will also give you a timeframe of either of those options of how long it will take to be sent and received by your customer.
Michael Mann: Okay. And I know you mentioned it before, but I have all of his banking, routing number and everything. So will he still have to fill that out or can I fill it out?
Colton O'Farrell: You can fill it out if he needs. So when you go to that new vendor here, if you have information, you can just enter it. So you'd enter their name, you know, say that he's a contractor, enter the billing address information, and then if they want, so we would pay them either via ACH, which would just be sent to their bank account, or if they want a paper check, we could send that as well. It just will be a $2 fee for the paper check, but those were the two options that will be available for him to be paid.
Michael Mann: Okay. Now, I mean, that is somewhat similar to, you know, Plastique and Melio. Why would why would it not go through with those guys? Why would they have a problem identifying my company or, you know, or, you know, how. Why?
Colton O'Farrell: I don't understand.
Michael Mann: Because, lastly, look, you guys offer everything I need. I'm gonna, you know, if this works out, Bill goes through, I'm in. You had me at hello, and I'll use it for other things, but, you know. Do you foresee a hurdle with you guys recognizing or finding out my EIN number and identifying my company and his company and I don't know.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it's great questions and the main kind of aspect is as a financial institution, we have a lot of requirements like federally and just different regulations that we have to follow. We do have bad faith actors that try to use us every single day for purposes that were not intended for or try to set up fake companies or like people are very sophisticated in the different types of ways that they're trying to move money. And so there's different requirements with both our bank partnerships, with our own company processes, and then like the federal aspects of it. What I would say is regardless of kind of the initial outcome of whether, like, there's a problem with setting up your account or not. We do take time to understand each of our customers businesses. We understand, you know, people are just setting up businesses, they're purchasing new businesses, and, you know, there's changes there. As long as we're able to verify the information and the person that we're looking to speak with is able to provide the required and necessary documents, so like the, You know, three months of bank statements, the government issued ID, bank routing account information, as long as you're willing to be a partner and provide the information that we need. Because again, I had mentioned it's, you know, it's just really not optional for us. If we were to have one incident happen from a bank or like fraud perspective, I mean, that would be really horrible for our reputation. So that's kind of where all that comes into play. What you could do though if there was any kind of issue, like I mentioned, you can always reach out to me. But if you were, let's just say that you experienced a similar issue with us that you did with Melio, where they try to say like, Hey, sorry, unfortunately we can't support your business. You can always appeal those decisions. And that's where we get like kind of that manual review process and just making sure that you are who you say you are, you're going to use us how you say you're going to use us. and that sort of thing. But I don't foresee hurdles being there, and if they are, we'll quickly squash them as long as we're just able to get the necessary documents and information we need.
Michael Mann: Yeah, okay. So, let's see. So are you my account executive from here on out, or will I call in and have somebody different every time? How does that work?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I'm going to be the main kind of account owner for your business. So a couple things to note. You do have capability to completely self-serve your account. So I'm here to help escalate, help to advise. If you have other peers or people that might be interested in using Nickel and would like to see what we offer, that's kind of where my role is to help inform, educate, and just support my customers. What I was mentioning earlier though with that, like you will have a customer success team, customer support as well. So that is, for example, can be found here in this help center. So right here you'll be able to talk to our team. This will go to a live person. There'll be a ticket created. That's again where they're following up generally latest like 30 minutes to an hour that you'll be having a communication with a human. But we do have that there. And then there's that help@getnickel.com email address. So that's typically used a lot of times if, well, just general support questions or if you had issues with, you know, verifying your account and you need some support there, that would be kind of the one where it goes to the compliance and regulatory teams.
Michael Mann: But when I do the Vlad thing, do y'all get the three months of statements through that or that's something I.
Colton O'Farrell: Have to... Yeah, I believe. So what I was talking about earlier about providing the three months of bank statements and social, or government issued ID, that is in the event that we're unable to use Plaid. So then that's kind of the backup method. So if Plaid verification goes through, should be good. Otherwise, if we need to, then we can revert back to kind of the manual review process, which would include those aforementioned items.
Michael Mann: Okay. And using my personal account is basically just for identification purposes, right? So me using a setting the account up under my company name, Tuckerman Group, and then, but giving you my personal just for plaid at Wells Fargo, that doesn't create any confusion as far as, you know, my company's existence and all that.
Colton O'Farrell: No, it shouldn't. I, you know, I'll just put a note there that. So the, the bank account that you have set up for Tuckerman Group right now, that's a pretty new account, correct?
Michael Mann: It's a brand new account and honestly Colton, it's with a little local bank and I'm probably not going to keep it there. I'm going to probably go to Wells Fargo, you know, and just set up another account so I can have access to it in one spot, all of my accounts and, you know, not have it so confusing. I just haven't had, I haven't done it yet.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no worries. Well, hey, I mean, you're registered as an LLC. That's great. I would potentially maybe connect to your personal account just for like the verification. And if you need to switch out to the business account later on, that might be the best route to go. But yeah, that would be my recommendation there.
Michael Mann: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: I don't think there should be too many challenges with that too, especially if you have, you know, like I mentioned, you're an LLC, you have your EIN, got all that. That should be pretty like good for us.
Michael Mann: Okay. All right.
Colton O'Farrell: Something else I wanted to mention. So it sounds like you're only really using us for the accounts payable side, at least for right now. When you do first seek like issuing invoices and getting paid via that, how are you kind of thinking about operating the accounts receivable sides of some of the work that you're doing?
Michael Mann: If you guys offer a solution to that, then I would use you. I would look. you know, I wanna, I don't wanna have four different things for every process of doing business. So if you guys have a platform for that on here, you know, then at the end of the year, I can hit everything in one spot and for taxes or whatever I need. And, you know, yes, I would use one platform for all of that.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, that'd be awesome. Well, the nice thing about nickel is, you know, we've designed it to be. Very intuitive, easy to use. So the accounts receivable side will work the exact same as the accounts payable side. And if you don't have, like, if you'd be using us to generate the invoices, very easy process to do that. You can just come here, select your customer. You can give it invoice name or number. So if we call this 144, let's say 730 20 25, invoice amount, we'll say $1,000. We can set up one time or recurring payments. You can put any kind of note. So I'll just, or memo there, Colton, please make the, whoops, payment, ASAP. And then if you need to attach an invoice, we can do so just like this. We also have some advanced features that we can toggle on or off as well. So if you wanted to modify or disable credit card payments to on your accounts receivable invoice, allow the customer to edit the payment amount, or override some global rules that are set up in your account settings. So what this means here is that if you're sending an invoice to your customer, they want to pay you via credit card. By default, 100% of that cost will be for them to pay. But let's say you have an agreement with them that you're going to split that 50/50. You can come in here and adjust it at really any percentage that you want. So even if you want- yeah, so but if you keep this off, it'll just have the default be 100% of the customer pay that. So what we'll do is we'll create a secured payment link. This is going to be sent via email. I'm going to also just copy that in case you were interested in seeing what that looked like prior to set or before sending to your customer. But here's that just that link copied and pasted. So I'll list your name, your email, company branded logo, invoice name, number, how they would like to pay. If they want to pay via ACH into their bank, they simply got to add the routing and account number, pay, no fees there. But if they do want to pay via credit card, maybe for 45 day kind of flow or credit card points, there is that 2.99% fee there. We at Nickel handle all of the PCI compliance, so you're only ever going to get the net amount, don't have to worry about any fees. And then again, we're compliant in all 50 states when it comes to the credit card surcharging. What it looks like on the email side though is just like this. So your customer will get an email like so. Again, DeGraaf Distribution is the demo account here, but it's a you have a new payment request. The invoice would be attached right there. And if they hit reply all in this email, you'll actually be CC'd on any communication. And when they hit this pay now button, again, just takes them right to that screen here. Any questions with that? It's pretty easy, straightforward.
Michael Mann: No, that's pretty good.
Colton O'Farrell: And then the other thing that might be helpful, all of our customers get set up with their own merchant payment link or merchant payment portal. So that's set up for all of our customers, and it's up to you if it'd be useful for your business, but a lot of our customers will actually take this link right here. and they will embed it in their website. But this kind of serves as a one-stop shop for a customer to make a payment or let's we'll just say or is like a backup method if the primary method is not working so that you just could have this on your website. Customer could come in to make a payment. And then again, there's the two options. If they want to pay by card, there's that fee. If they want to pay via ACH.
Michael Mann: In their bank, it's just free for them. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. None of your customers have to have a Nickel account. If they want to use us, they're more than able to do so. The last thing I'll touch on, because I know we're running past time here a little bit, is just the pricing and plans. So I believe just with how your business is structured right now, the Nickel core should be more than enough of what you need. So what this plan will do, so there are some limitations, and I'll just quickly call those out, but you're only allowed three active users on the account. That shouldn't be a problem for you. you are limited to $25,000 per ACH transaction. So that's not cumulative, meaning you could do a thousand of those. You just cannot do one at $26,000 on the free plan. You also cannot schedule payments in advance, do reoccurring payments, or like auto debit pull with a payment authorization. And I didn't show you that, but I do have a demo that kind of covers that. But what this free plan will enable you to do is to receive ACH payments completely for free or to send those completely for free. We'll get ACH processed in generally two to three business days. We are still required to get those submitted before 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time, but as long as we get it in before that day, you'll generally see a two to three day turnaround time on the free plan. In the event that you need scheduling payments, reoccurring payments, or you're going to be doing a lot of transactions larger than $25,000. That's where we have the Nickel Plus plan. So that's either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month billed one time for $420. We give all customers a two week free trial of Nickel Plus if they want to use it. If you decide that it's not for you and you just want to revert back to the free plan, you're able to switch back to that. But basically what this plan does is we speed up ACH processing. So it's generally same day to two day turnaround times. you can have unlimited users. We bump up the transact, the ACH transaction limit to just under a million dollars per transaction. You can set up scheduled scheduling payments in advance, recurring payments, and then you can auto debit from your customers as well.
Michael Mann: Like, I think Colton, I think I'm going to do the 35 month because the ACH stuff occurs a little quicker.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, that's a great use case.
Michael Mann: So. Well, I, I just don't want to tell my contractor, hey, it's done. And then two or three days goes by and like, hey, something's wrong. You know, hopefully that doesn't occur. But the one call out I would.
Colton O'Farrell: Say, so generally just with this time out, with this time frame in mind. So it sometimes there are slight delays with the first payment, just as long as if like verification of you or our customer is taking some time there. But if there's ever a delay with that first payment, it will only be that first payment while we're doing the compliance regulatory, just checking the boxes there. But after that, you should not have any problems and there should be just that specific timeframe. But that's just one thing I wanted to call out, just knowing with sometimes getting just verification for that first payment.
Michael Mann: Okay. Cool. All right.
Colton O'Farrell: Like I said, you have two weeks free trial of using Nickel Plus. You just got to link your payment method. I will send you some resources after we get off the call here. So I'll send you a recapped demo video that kind of walks through the Nickel solution if you need to revert back to that. If you have any questions, you can reach out to me. Otherwise, the help option within the Nickel app. But we're really excited to support your business. I am looking forward to being your account manager. And if you have any questions that come up, you just let me know.
Michael Mann: Colton, what's the best way to get you? Or what are the ways to get you?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I would say emailing colton@getnickel.com I generally am in a lot of back-to-back meetings, but I am always very responsive via email. Sometimes if you try calling my cell number though, and my signature, I might be on another line or in a meeting, but email generally is the best way to reach out to me, and then I'm happy to call or set up some time if we need.
Michael Mann: Okay, awesome. Okay. Great. I'll go in and finish up the setup. No, man, I'll go and finish up the setup and I'll try to get a payment generated today and see what happens. And if anything goes south, I'll let you know.
Colton O'Farrell: That sounds like a great plan.
Michael Mann: All right. Thanks, bud.
Colton O'Farrell: Pleasured. It was a appreciate your time today, Michael. Looking forward to working with you. And again, if you have any questions.
Michael Mann: Concerns, let me know and we'll be happy to help. Will do. Thanks, Colton. See you, buddy. Bye-bye. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3060951.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T011954Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
