---
title: Ecogate / Nickel
date: '2025-08-28'
time: '19:30:11'
duration_sec: 1744.23
duration_min: 29.1
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- Richard Melrose <richard@ecogate.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 40
---

Colton O'Farrell: What up? Oh, hey, Christian. Should we tag team or. Or do you. Are you. You think you have time? I think we should be able to. To get through everything, but in the case that I need to. Oh, in the case. Yeah, in case we go over. Okay, so honestly, I'll just chill here and, I mean, I'll pay attention, obviously, but I'll let you. I'll let you lead. Yeah, and if you have good questions to ask, like feel free to chime in or if I'm missing something, so. Gotcha. Looks like he's jumping on.
Richard Melrose: I am now. Hey guys.
Colton O'Farrell: Hey Richard, how's it going?
Richard Melrose: Good, let me throw my video on. Hey, good to see you.
Colton O'Farrell: Likewise, how's it going today?
Richard Melrose: It's been a good day so far.
Colton O'Farrell: I can concur with that. You got myself, Colton, I'm on the customer success team here, Richard. and then I also have Christian who's on our sales team who's going to be joining me. I have a flight to catch, so I might have to leave slightly early, but in that case, Christian will be able to chat with you. But Richard really just wanted to understand more of what kind of got you on this meeting today. We went ahead and we're looking into Echo Gate's website, learning a little bit more about your business. Was curious what kind of stuck out to you from the email we sent to you. And yeah, what got you on this call would be a good place to start.
Richard Melrose: The thing about cold solicitation emails, and it's why we all send out thousands of them, is it's random as all get out when someone will say, yeah, give me some information. I'll be honest, I don't even remember what it was in the email last week that made me think, yeah, I'll take a meeting. So I can't be very helpful.
Colton O'Farrell: That's all good.
Richard Melrose: I can tell you honestly, there is every likelihood you could have sent me that email nine other times and it would have just went straight into my spam because it wouldn't have landed the right time with me in the right headspace. I in a better world, I would have done some prep work, just like you looked me up, I would have looked you guys up. I'm not even. I know there was a cost saving angle, but beyond that, I don't know what it is we're talking about.
Colton O'Farrell: Hey, no worries, Richard. You know, we talk to people at all kind of different spectrums with their knowledge with Nickel, but just to give you the kind of 5,000 foot view. So Nickel is a payment solution. So one of the main reasons why a lot of customers utilize Nickel is because we provide completely free and unlimited ACH processing for you and for your customers. We have two plans available. So we have a completely free plan designed typically for small to midsize businesses that allows for up to $25,000 per ACH transaction on that plan. It's not cumulative, meaning you could do a thousand of those. You just cannot do one at the 26,000 mark, say, like above that limit. So that's the completely free plan for the Nickel Plus paid-for subscription. That's $45 monthly or it's $35 a month on an annual plan. So it builds out to be $420. What that plan enables is we don't charge for any transaction fees. There's no hidden costs with Nickel. But that plan, we bump up that $25,000 limit to up to a million dollars per ACH transaction with no fees there. And then something else that Nickel can provide your company is we give you complete control on an accounts receivable perspective. If you have a client that wants to pay via credit card, the default setting is that the client will pay 100% of that credit card fee. Nickel would handle all the PCI compliance. So you would get the net amount. You wouldn't have to worry about any of the fees there. And then Nickel would take that as revenue. I mentioned that you have full control over that surcharge. So you could go within our settings and adjust the global rule. So if you want to pay that fee for all of your customers, you're able to do it. If you want to split it, you can do that. And then we also enable you to actually override those settings. So you could have it set that the customer is always going to pay that fee, except for this particular customer or this particular invoice, you'd be able to override that. Something else we do is we give you a portal that you can, it's a embeddable portal that is fully customizable and brandable that you can embed in your website. I wasn't seeing a portal on the current website you had today, so that might be something that kind of sticks out for you. But happy to answer any questions you have based on kind of what I'm mentioning here. But would love to learn a little bit more about what you have in place today in terms of your AR and AP.
Richard Melrose: Sure. Yeah, now that you're saying that, I do remember the email a little bit more. There was a direct call out on QuickBooks. If I'm remembering correctly, we are a QuickBooks essentials customer. We are a manufacturer. I do a fair amount of my business if you're on our website. I manufacture in Eastern Europe. I sell around the world. Three quarters of my business is domestic United States, but a significant material amount of it is outside of the lower 48. So I guess that would be my first question. Is ACH by definition limited to American banks?
Colton O'Farrell: Yes, that's correct. But if a customer of yours does have an American bank, they would still be able to do the ACH. We do also, we recently have enabled international payments, so we can accept any kind of international credit cards as well. But we would be able to assist in that area based off if you have similar kind of workflows to some of our other customers who are sending out invoices and getting paid from an accounts receivable perspective on international cards.
Richard Melrose: Yeah, we tend to get wire transfers coming in from my international and outbound. I use a payment platform called Payment Earth.
Colton O'Farrell: Payment Earth?
Richard Melrose: Yeah, I've used them for, I don't know, four or five years. They're far more cost effective overall than any of my banks. Either of my banks are for international at least.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay.
Richard Melrose: But okay, so the lion's share, this is United States, more than 50% of my business is there.
Colton O'Farrell: So.
Richard Melrose: It integrates with QuickBooks. I could put, I could embed the link then to say, hey, when I send out an invoice from QuickBooks, the hyperlink routes through Nickel.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so how it would work is you would be able to, so are you on QuickBooks Online or QuickBooks Desktop today?
Richard Melrose: Online, I'm online. Yeah, I'm at my home office. Well, I'll just go ahead and share.
Colton O'Farrell: My screen quick and I can kind of just talk through it a little bit. Very simple process for you're on QuickBooks Online. So this is the nickel platform, once you log in, you would just go to account settings here and if you.
Richard Melrose: Need me to zoom in or anything, just let me know.
Colton O'Farrell: I just increased my size, so I'm all right. Perfect, perfect. Yes, you just go into settings here, you'd click this integrations button and you'd click click this link QuickBooks account. This would pop up into its QuickBooks page, you'd sign in, login password, select your company, select your chart of accounts. Once you do that, everything would flow from QuickBooks Online into Nickel from an accounts receivable perspective here, an accounts payable perspective here. Are you also, how are you paying bills today?
Richard Melrose: What does that process look like for you? I use the platform bill.com, Because they're embedded to Intuit QuickBooks and it's cost effective. I think it's a couple of bucks a month for standard domestic payments. And then like I say, Payment Earth for international and failing that, I got some 1099 programmers who are in other countries and I'll just use bank wire transfers for those. Those are the exception, not the rule.
Colton O'Farrell: Nice. Well, I mean, with Nickel, when you get set up, we have over 10,000 businesses who use us either for accounts receivable, accounts payable, or both. You would have access to everything. Once you would have that QuickBooks connection, all of your, so on the accounts receivable side, all of your invoices would flow into here. We actually also have some automation that we can set up. So I'll grab a screenshot. I don't have the my demo account here connected with the QuickBooks account. But if you were It would say Echo Gate here, it'd have your QuickBooks number, and we also have some automation that we can turn on. So if you had this enabled, what this would do is anytime an invoice is created within QuickBooks Online, instead of hitting review and send and sending that out via QuickBooks because they'd charge you a 1% fee for the ACH transfer, you would simply save the invoice within QuickBooks. And if this is toggled on, it would just automatically be sent to your customer via Nickel, and we would send that either via email or via SMS. and I'll show you what that email will look like. One caveat with the automation is if you are generating an invoice and you have to go through and make edits, modifications later on, we would recommend, and if that's a kind of common practice for you, we'd recommend having this turned off because each time you'd make an adjustment, your customer would get an email. So in the event that this is turned off, what you would do is you'd simply come into the invoices tab here, And you would hit this request payment button right there to send that invoice off. It would send either via email or SMS, and your customer would receive a payment link. I'll just generate a new invoice so you can see what that will look like. And actually, you know what? I'll just send this to you, Richard. So I'm going to add you as a customer here. Very easy process. Just going to grab. Why is this so zoomed in? Here we go. So I'm going to go new customer, echo gate. And you'll see here, oops, you'll see here as well. So for the paid for subscription, if you're also doing any kind of payment authorization or auto debit polls from your customers, you can also set up a payment authorization with a specific limit if you want, and also an expiration date. or there could be no limit, no expiration date. Your customer would receive an email letting them know that this is to auto for you to auto debit for their account. They would agree on the criteria and then if that's enabled, you just be able to automatically pull from their account and debit to yourself. For this example, we're just going to add you as a customer without that. I'm going to hit save here. I'm going to go ahead and go to the invoice tab, new invoice. Echo gate, we'll call this place one, let's just call it 162. Awesome. And then for your invoice amounts with that range, what does that typically look like? From small end to your larger invoices, what's that typical range look like?
Richard Melrose: Well, on the small end, it could be sub $100. We do have a parts business. So if a customer needs a single part, I'll do that. At the high end this week, I did an invoice for $975,000.
Colton O'Farrell: $975,000?
Richard Melrose: That is an exception, but that is a real invoice that I did.
Colton O'Farrell: You'll have some invoices that size. Well, with the Nickel Plus plan, you would be able to do up to a million dollars per transaction. So that wouldn't be a problem for us. I'm just going to keep this on the lower end for you and yeah, yeah, yeah. Once we're done, you can set it up to be one time or recurring. Are most of your invoices one time engagements?
Richard Melrose: Yes, again, manufacturer. So there is some software as a service, there is some subscription stuff, but that doesn't amount to more than 15% of my total business.
Colton O'Farrell: I gotcha. So we're just putting in a little memo in there, and I'll just put demo so you're reminded. And then we'll also automatically grab all the invoices that are in QuickBooks, attach them here, we'll rename them, whatever is in this field here. And we'll also auto populate that field if you are connected with QuickBooks and it'll just do the next number in sequence. But for this example, I'm just going to attach a simple template invoice I found from the internet. Yeah. Let's see if it disappeared. All right. Just got to drag. Perfect. It's right there. It's attached. I'm going to hit create. So what we're doing is we're creating the secured payment link right here. It's going to be sent to your email. If we wanted to send it as a text, we could do that as well. I'm going to go ahead and hit Send Link now. You should get that in just a moment. But in case you were curious what it would look like for your customer before sending, you can always copy that link, paste it in a new tab, but you'll get an email that's indicating it from DeGraw Distribution, our demo account. It's going to have some frequently asked questions there within the email, but when you hit that Pay Now button, you'll be prompted to this screen where it's your customer would, it's going to say your name, it's going to have your email, your branded logo, invoice name or purpose, the invoice attached right there. If your customer wants to pay via their bank and ACH, there's no fees on that. They would just enter their routing and account information and hit that payment. They can also save their payment for future purposes. If you're going to send invoices again, they could just come in here and it would auto populate for them. You wouldn't have visibility into whether they saved their payments or not, but just something to make it a little easier on your customers. If you are working with people on a regular basis. However, if they wanted to pay via a credit card, also able to do that. There just is that 2.99% fee. However, again, the customer by default is 100% the one to pay for it. We'll handle the PCI compliance. So you'd get the $100. We would just get, we'd get the 2.99. They just enter their card details there, hit pay. And also something that's nice in that email, you'll also be CC'd on communication as well. So if your customer has any questions, and they reply to this email, you'll be CC'd on that and be able to stay in the loop of what they're seeing and experiencing. Okay. That's on the accounts receivable side. Something else that we wanted to do for you today as well is to set you up as a vendor to show you the accounts payable side. And we'll actually be sending you $50 via Nickel just to demonstrate how it is on the bill pay side, if that works for you. Sure. Cool. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to vendor, Add new vendor. And I don't, so this is on the accounts payable side. If you have your customer's information, you can say, yes, I have it and enter that information yourself. However, I do not have your information. So I'm going to send you a form to fill out. It's going to have, we're just going to add your name, email address. And. Then, so there are some toggable fields there. I'm just, oops, that's the wrong one. That was the link I copied earlier. There we go. Awesome. So I'm going to hit that in, send that invite to you. It's going to ask you a couple questions. Once you've, I would recommend adding the bank information. So for accounts, on the accounts payable side, when you're paying your vendors, typically we're either paying them via ACH or we'll send a check. If we're sending a check, there is a $2 fee for that. When I'm setting up a new vendor, you can toggle it so that we do require ACH and there's no possibility for them to send a check. I left the option open for you so you could see the different options, but you'll get an email if you want to just open that and see what the information is to fill out. Once it's been completed, I'll be able to send that $50 payment.
Richard Melrose: Yeah, you bet. Just going in right now.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Thanks so much for that.
Richard Melrose: So, I guess just as I think through it and there's a chance that this conversation is perhaps two or three years too soon. Only because I'm trying to think through the savings and there really isn't a lot of size. For example, savings potential. I pay through bill.com on the standard, so there's no cost associated to that. Save for my couple of bucks a month for the bill.com subscription. International stuff is a push because that's not your forte, so there's no savings to be had there. My customer base is While I deal with smaller companies who might pay me with a P card or a credit card, I deal with more Fortune 500 companies who are very comfortable just with some form of digital transfer. Our standard is if anyone wants to pay me by credit card, I have a 4% fee. So, you know, I've trained my customers to not do that, which Reduces their reduces my cost and my hassle. So am I missing as I think about it, I don't want to miss any of the real value add, but I'm not a lot of savings potential based just on size.
Colton O'Farrell: Let me ask on that accounts receivable side, are you ever sending invoices from QuickBooks Online to your customers and having to pay the 1% ACH fee for that?
Richard Melrose: Wow, I'm not even aware of that fee. So I'm going to say it doesn't happen often.
Colton O'Farrell: It's either a 1% to 2% fee for some companies that's capped, for some companies it's uncapped. But QuickBooks Online did this, bill.com on the accounts receivable side, they charge a 1% fee. Melio, basically when QuickBooks Online changed that or made that adjustment, All the other players followed suit. So a lot of companies who were paying nothing for ACH processing before this change went from paying nothing to paying hundreds or thousands of dollars on a monthly basis. One other thing I wanted to point out as well, as you mentioned, building in that 4% credit card fee into your invoices when you're sending out to your customers. We also have this credit card surcharging laws page. Be happy to link this to you, but there are very specific credit card surcharging differences between states. One benefit about Nickel is that we are compliant across the board with all 50 states and territories. So for California, for example, if you were curious on what the specific laws were there. Yeah. So known as the hidden fee statute or honest pricing law. So traditional credit card surcharging is effectively prohibited in California under Senate Bill 478, which took effect July 1st, 2024. So right now, you may be not in compliance with this law if you're just building in that 4% fee yourself. So I'm happy to link this, like I said. But one benefit with Nickel is that you would be compliant in all 50 states and territories as well with credit card surcharging.
Richard Melrose: Okay, no, and that's good, and I appreciate that. I guess I wasn't clear. I don't build it in. I bill flat, and our terms of sale, though, are such that You know, you want to pay me by credit card. There is a surcharge, but that's disclosed at the front end. So, right. Similar to, I guess, how you guys do it, where, you know, if you want to pay $100 by credit card, customer pays $102.99. In my case, $100, you know, I charge them $104. But it's not built in. They absolutely can pay me without, in fact, they pay me without. I do want to investigate a little bit that 1% ACH fee. We're small enough and I'm plugged in enough to our accounting.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, Richard, I was curious from, you know, you guys have been around for 27-28 years now. How many employees do you guys have?
Richard Melrose: Seven.
Colton O'Farrell: Seven employees. And then from a revenue perspective, how much payments processing are you guys doing on an annual basis with seven employees?
Richard Melrose: Payment processing, you just mean kind of.
Colton O'Farrell: How much- Or just annual revenue in general for your Echo Gate?
Richard Melrose: Three, four million bucks?
Colton O'Farrell: Three to four million? Got it. Okay.
Richard Melrose: Yeah, and it's small enough. That and boy, I pay attention to our receivables. There's no way I'm getting short paid by 1% because that adds up.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, absolutely.
Richard Melrose: And some it's got to go somewhere. So let me let me investigate that. I'm I'm absolutely it appeals to me to have a simpler system. It further appeals to me to have a system that I can legitimately save some money on. I just don't know that I'm big enough to warrant the exercise. There's not enough value add to do this for an economic push. I mean, it's not worth the exercise if we're not big enough to drive some savings.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, I would push back a little bit with that, as we have over 10,000 businesses who are using Nickel today. I mean, you guys are doing 3 to 4 million in business. you know, there's, that's a good chunk of change that you guys are doing on, on, you know, one side of it, there is the nickel core plan, which is completely for free. If you wanted to test out what it could look like for either an accounts receivable or accounts payable perspective, you could absolutely get started with the completely free plan. We also offer a 14 day free trial of nickel plus. And like I mentioned before, so in addition to the 1% fee that we would be saving you if you were using nickel, We also are speeding up those payments. So for the Nickel Plus members, as long as you get the payment submitted before the cutoff time of 4:00 PM Eastern time, you will get a two-day turnaround time from that, from your customer to your bank. Something that we're not doing is batch processing. So that invoice that I sent you via email, if you were to pay that invoice and say, maybe I sent you five other invoices, you paid all those at the same time, we are going to treat those all as their own individual atomic unit. It allows for really easy one-to-one reconciliation between you, your customers and your banks. And whatever is done in, since you're on QuickBooks Online, whatever is done in QuickBooks will update Nickel, whatever's done in Nickel will update in QuickBooks Online. So very seamless transfer of data and easy process there. The payment portal may be of interest to you too, because it doesn't look.
Richard Melrose: Like you have a payment portal on your website today. I do know, I'm not sure about that. When you were on, there's a store link. And my customers pay via Wix. So the back end of our store, if they want to buy some bits and bobs, and we don't do a lot, but I do some business there. So if that's what you mean by portal, it is there. You didn't see it.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, maybe. I saw the cart and the shopping aspect of it. I'll show you what the portal that we have built out and see if this is maybe of something of interest to you, but this is something that's just created for all of our customers the day that they start set up their account. It's this payments portal right here. So I'm going to go ahead and just open that. But I'm also going to go to account settings. So it is all completely customizable. And for those Nickel Plus users, we can even customize the URL and domain. You can embed this into your website. We can also add, so the basic kind of portal is this right here.
Richard Melrose: Oh, okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah.
Richard Melrose: So I understand. Yeah, you weren't talking about the store. No, we weren't talking about a portal.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no, it does not exist at this point. So this would be something also that we would just have created for you out of the box. You'd be able to customize it. This usually for most of our customers serves as a backup method to make a payment or is just on the website of our customers. If they want, you know, somebody needs to make a payment for any reason, we're just going to put in $1 test there, but they're going to have the same options. So if they want to pay via AC, via their bank, via ACH, no fee there. If they want to pay via credit card, it is just again that 2.99%. But if you go to account settings, you do have full control over that. So you just go here, this is the global rule. So you could change that to be any percentage you want. If you wanted to fully eat the cost, you could as well. And then on an individual customer or invoice level, you can go to settings, we could disable credit card payments altogether on the Nickel Plus plan. You can allow your customers to make a partial payment if you'd like, or if you want to override that global setting, you could do that just as easy as that there. Okay. But I know you have to do some investigation regarding the kind of QuickBooks Online fees that you're paying today. One other thing that I wanted to point out that might be helpful and we'll be sure to send some resources is the G2. Are you familiar with G2? No. So it's like one of the gold standards for kind of online review platforms. So all reviews are verified by G2. They have a A lot of really strict requirements here. We're really proud of the five star rating that we have with Nickel. But one really cool option is that you can actually compare. So you could compare Nickel side by side with Bill, for example. And you can see what other customers are saying. But if I'm trying to, there is an option to pull them next to each other and just be able to compare side by side.
Richard Melrose: Interesting.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah. Yeah, we'll be, and I'll send this to you so you can do some of the exploration yourself. But anything else that would be helpful for you just when you're kind of evaluating what you have currently today for your process and potentially how Nickel could be helpful for your business?
Richard Melrose: No, there's more to it than I thought and I appreciate the depth that you went into it and the fact that you kept it in layman's terms. I'm not a finance expert by any stretch. Yeah, just send me some follow up. I'll do some investigation and then we'll coordinate. I'll remain communicative.
Colton O'Farrell: Let's, do we want to throw time on the calendar for like a week today? What works best for you, kind of, or do you prefer more asynchronously? What's best for you, Richard?
Richard Melrose: Just.
Colton O'Farrell: Have a look. Stop sharing to pull mine.
Richard Melrose: I'm on the fly. next week. What about Friday afternoon? I'll be, I'm back in, I'm back in my home office by Friday.
Colton O'Farrell: So let's do September 5th at afternoon. Sounds better. Yeah.
Richard Melrose: Now, are you Pacific time?
Colton O'Farrell: When, what, what time? So the office, I'm actually in New York right now. I'm flying back to Chicago in a couple hours. I'm Central time, but so let's see. Would a one o'clock your time be okay?
Richard Melrose: Yeah, that works. Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, I'll go ahead and shoot that over for you. We'll also send up some follow-up resources, like I mentioned. If there's anything else that comes in mind in terms of questions or just anything that you would like to learn more about Nickel, we'd be happy to share that for you. Sounds really good. Thanks very much, guys.
Richard Melrose: Yeah, it was a pleasure, Richard.
Colton O'Farrell: We'll speak to you soon. All right, have a good day. Bye-bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3567277.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T012427Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
