---
title: Dan Sizelove and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-24'
time: '19:30:18'
duration_sec: 1852.82
duration_min: 30.9
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Dan Sizelove <jdsizelove@warmwater.com>
- null <rjanssen@warmwater.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 43
---

Colton O'Farrell: Possible to with times here. I know you had to reschedule this previous meeting, but I know you got my email regarding the agenda. Typically, how we handle these calls is I want to learn more about you, your business, how you found Nickel, kind of what's going on from an AR and AP standpoint. Once we have a good understanding of your business use cases, we'll pop over to the Nickel demo platform, tailor it to those use cases, walk you through some kind of Basic workflows that you'd be dealing with. We'd wrap up deciding on whether it's a good fit or not, discuss the plan options and next steps. But how does that sound for you?
Dan Sizelove: Sounds like a plan.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, if you want to introduce yourself and the company and how you found Nickel, I think that'd be a great place to start.
Dan Sizelove: Sure. Yeah. Vice President Sales and Marketing here, been with the company, this is my 23rd year. We most of our customers do pay by ACH. prepay orders. We do accept credit cards as well, but on a much smaller basis, you know, 1Z2Z one-off transactions. One pain point on the ACH side is that some of our customers claim they don't have the ability to push out an ACH from their bank.
Colton O'Farrell: Interesting.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: And so for us... Are they Canadian customers or are they American customers?
Dan Sizelove: No, I think they're just liars.
Colton O'Farrell: It kind of sounds like it. I have not heard too many of those excuses unless they do not have a US-backed bank.
Dan Sizelove: Yep, no, there's one in particular in Southern California that it just always seems to be they ask if we can send a link for them to pay by ACH, and we don't have the ability to do that. So they say, well, we can't push out an ACH from our account. So they have to mail a check. And then, of course, it takes the slow boat here from across the country. And Sometimes we don't even have that payment before we have to make the tough call to release that truck and ship that product without payment in hand. So I'd like to really cut that down.
Colton O'Farrell: Can absolutely help there.
Dan Sizelove: So I know that you guys, it's free ACH. I don't, does that still... For all.
Colton O'Farrell: Of our customers, for every ACH, they're all free.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, and so on the customer's end, so let's say that customer in Southern California, we push out that link, he pays it, is his bank still going to charge him?
Colton O'Farrell: No, there would be no fees. So we have a sponsor bank, Nickel is also the processor, so we are handling all of the fund transfer there. What it would look like on his end is you would generate the invoice, we could either send it via email or via SMS, he would get a link, or if it's an email, it would have like the invoice name, number, your company branded logo, memo notice, attachment of the invoice in there, and there would be a big pay now button. He would simply click that. It would bring him to a screen that says pay by credit card with a 2.99% fee or pay via your bank with ACH, no fees. They would simply enter their routing account number, hit pay now, and that money would be sent to you.
Dan Sizelove: Got it. Okay, yeah. And for credit cards, we're currently using Clover.
Colton O'Farrell: Clover?
Dan Sizelove: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Is that AR or AP?
Dan Sizelove: AR.
Colton O'Farrell: For AR, and then that's on the receiving end. So with that, are you eating the credit card costs right now? Are you adding it as like a line item to your invoices?
Dan Sizelove: I think that's probably one of the worst things that's happened to society is passing along the credit card fees. But we have dabbled in that. Ultimately, our customers hate having that additional surcharge, so I just build it into the price when I know that I'm going to sell somebody via credit card.
Colton O'Farrell: So one thing that we do at Nickel, so there's a lot, I'm not sure if you're up to speed with, there's a lot of different state and different jurisdiction laws when it comes to credit card surcharging. And that's kind of one question that we get a lot because There's a lot of state mandates that you can't like send that to your customer to pay, but how we like handle that process. So we're not actually like charging a credit card fee through the credit card processors. We're charging like a nickel specific fee. And because of that, we are not required by those kind of same requirements we have, but we still maintain compliance in all 50 states, all jurisdictions. But basically why I'm telling you that is we give you complete control over how you want to deal with that. So by default, 100% of the credit card surcharge, if your customer wants to pay via credit card, our philosophy is you shouldn't have to pay that yourself. If you want to, you're able to, but you can adjust it at any percentage. So you could fully eat the cost, could fully give it to them, could split it 50/50, 25/75, literally whatever percentage you like there.
Dan Sizelove: Yep, we're on that get paid tab right now of your settings. Oh yeah, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: You guys are logged into your platform?
Dan Sizelove: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, awesome. Do you want to share your screen for a moment? I'd love to see kind of what you guys are playing around with. I can show you some things in your screen. Otherwise, I'm happy to share mine as well, whatever works best for you.
Dan Sizelove: Okay. So you should be seeing the nickel now.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. So right here on this screen, this is the global rule for credit card surcharging. So this is on the accounts receivable side. So by default, 100% of that charge will be paid for by your customer. So that 2.99% will be to them. This is a global rule. So this will impact all of your individual invoices. However, you can go on an individual invoice level and override the global rules. So if you went into the so if you clicked into the 100% or the 100 right there, you could type any percentage you want.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: But if you go to, and if you go to get paid, do you have invoices in your account? Oh, you don't yet. Okay, no worries. Well, if you don't have any in there, I can go ahead and share my screen and show, or you could do a created an invoice just to practice and show you. So if you go to advanced on the right hand side. So, okay, it's not, oh, so the, yep, the bottom one right there for you. So if you click on that, toggle that on. So this is where we would override that global rule. So for this individual invoice, say for example, you put 50% in there, that would override the default 100%, and then you and your customer would split that cost if they were looking to pay via credit card. But that's how you would override it on an individual invoice level.
Dan Sizelove: Got it. Okay. Yeah, no, I haven't set up the get paid because that's going to require us to get buy-in from ownership.
Colton O'Farrell: What are you guys using for an ERP?
Dan Sizelove: You wouldn't know it. It's called a liar.
Colton O'Farrell: A liar. Heard a lot. Heard of many, many ERPs over the years, but that is not one I've heard of. Is it like a custom Legacy solution you guys have built, or.
Dan Sizelove: No, it's made by a company out of Eastern Pennsylvania called TIW.
Colton O'Farrell: Interesting. Okay, got it.
Dan Sizelove: Well, yeah, we're a manufacturer, so we can't get by with something like QuickBooks or. zero. We need work orders, bill of materials, we need inventory control. So it's an on-prem solution. We're not married to it. We switched over to it four years ago. We're poking around casually right now to see what cloud-based solutions or sets of solutions we might be better off with.
Colton O'Farrell: Nice. Well, what I was going to say for that, then if we're not integrating with like your ERP, I mean, if you have a CSV that you can download, we're happy to get all of your customers, all of your invoices added into the account so that it's for you now. Very easy. So since you don't have anything in there, if you want to stop sharing, I can go ahead and take over. I just got a little bit more in my demo account here that I can show you.
Dan Sizelove: Sure.
Colton O'Farrell: But yeah, once you have everything in Nickel here, so this is what it would look like from the invoice standpoint. So it's really easy to send these off to your customer. You just come to the far right hand side where it says payment requests, click request payment. We're going to send this secured payment link to your customer either via their email or via phone number. If you were curious to see what it looked like and wanted to open up in a new tab, you can always copy and paste that before you send to your customer. I already saw that you guys added your branded logo and everything, so that's awesome. That will pop up on that individual invoice page here. But those were the two options of what your customer would receive. Either pay by card with the 2.99% fee there, or they can pay with no fee if they're using their bank and ACH. Just need to enter their routing and account number and simply hit pay. If you're curious, I mean, I'm happy to set you up as like a fake vendor on my end just for this demo, and I can send you an invoice so you can see what it would look like. Maybe put yourself in your customer's shoes. Would that be helpful?
Dan Sizelove: Sure.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool.
Dan Sizelove: All right.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, I'm going to go ahead. Oh, let's grab this one. Looks like that's Robin's.
Dan Sizelove: All right. And then we'll just put it.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, here we are. So we're going to go ahead and just add user customer here. So I'm going to go ahead and hit save quick. So we just created you as a customer in our system. Can I go ahead and send you an invoice? Oh, that's actually adding a customer. My bad. I need to create an invoice. So we'll just call this invoice 140, 1425. That invoice range that you're typically dealing with, what's kind of the range of invoices that you're sending?
Dan Sizelove: Top end would probably be 130.
Colton O'Farrell: 130?
Dan Sizelove: Mm-.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Are you doing any kind of recurring or is it mostly one-time engagements?
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, one-time.
Colton O'Farrell: All right. So since I'm not connected with the ERP, if we were, we'd bring all that over, but you still can attach any invoices to the invoice you're creating. I'm just going to attach a little sample one here. nothing really in this, but just to show you that you can do it. We'll say for this example, too, you already saw the 2.99%. So I'll show you what it looks like to override that. So we're going to go ahead and split this down. So 50 50 there. Gonna go ahead and hit create. That's going to go to your email. You should get that any moment now. And I'll stop sharing if you want to share your screen once you have that, that email up.
Dan Sizelove: Working on it.
Colton O'Farrell: No worries. I know I got a lot of emails too, and I'm doing demos and I'm trying to keep my email box pretty organized, just so not showing everything there, but Nice, yeah. So customer will receive very similar to this. Again, they hit that Pay Now button. If you scroll down too, if you were to hit reply on that, I'm CC'd on it. So if it was you sending to your customer, you'd be CC'd. If they have any questions, you can see the Colton plus the Gra there. But when they hit that Pay Now button, it simply will take them to that screen where they can pay by credit card. I adjusted the global rules too, so you'll also see that it says instead of the 2.99%, we're splitting that. But then again, the ACH is always free. But just kind of a walkthrough and to show you a little bit of what your customer would see.
Dan Sizelove: So this doesn't have to go through a secondary like Plaid or anything, right?
Colton O'Farrell: So we do have Plaid connected for most of our customer accounts. can I ask, like, get a little understanding there? Have you had some, like, negative experiences with plaid in the past or don't use them today? Just kind of curious what.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: What your experience with plaid is.
Dan Sizelove: No, no experience. I just. After they punch this in, what. What happens?
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, I got. No, I understand what you're saying. So, no, we only. It's only plaid on. Your side as you're getting your account set up, you get your bank account connected, we're doing Plaid for that verification side of it. Your customer is not going to have to go through all those steps.
Dan Sizelove: Got it. That's, yeah, that's, I think, yeah, all right. Awesome.
Colton O'Farrell: Well, you saw that. If you go back into your account, there's also on that get paid tab, I assume, have you seen the payment portal yet?
Dan Sizelove: No.
Colton O'Farrell: So yeah, if you go back to your Nickel page, it's already added into your account. So we set up all customers with their own merchant payment link. So in addition to the secured payment links that are being sent with your invoices individually, we also give every company their own payment portal link. So that can be found right on the get paid tab. Right to the left, oh sorry, one, yep, right there. And then the payments portal right above, which says invoices start Yep, so that button right there. So this is actually a payment portal where your customer would be able to come in, make any kind of payments. It doesn't look like you have your set up yet, but what most of our customers will do is they will take this and they will embed it in their own website so that customers can come in to their website and make a payment. Some of them use it as a primary method, as like a one-stop shop. Others use it as a backup method, but you're able to customize the background, all the information you can, if you're a Nickel Plus customer, so the plus subscription here, I can show you that too on my end.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, would you mind showing us an example of the payment portal since we don't have it?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so this is what it would look like. So I just clicked the payments portal. This is what your customer would see. So again, you can go into settings here, can completely customize this background name. We can also do a custom URL or domain for you if you're a Nickel Plus subscriber. but again, this can be a one stop shop or backup method for customers to make a payment. This is what it would look like on their end. So they would just come in here, they could pay by card with the 2.99 fee, or they could pay via ACH in their bank for free. Just right within this screen here. And again, most of our customers will take this and just add it into their website as a like a make a payment kind of tab.
Dan Sizelove: Got it. So I think when I saw portal. I was thinking this was something where customers had some kind of a login and maybe history, but this is just an open-ended payment portal.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, right now. Right now, there is no payment history in there, but I know that's going to be rolling out in about a month for where customers will be able to see all the payment transactions that they made within the portal there. It was more so We didn't realize how popular this would be for a lot of our customers. So we are adding some more functionality into it. But initially it was kind of to serve as a one-off for one of our larger customers. And then we realized that there's a lot of value in this, especially since we just provide it with all of our customers and accounts, even if they're a free account.
Dan Sizelove: But yeah, I don't really understand how that is.
Colton O'Farrell: The pricing?
Dan Sizelove: Well, no. So that would go to you'd send a link to a customer or you'd have that on your website and We're saying they don't know, they just plug in any amount, it's not linked to, we're not requesting an amount, they're just sending us.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, like I mentioned, it's mostly a backup method for most of our customers.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Like the primary method's not working. Some of them, that is their main kind of place that they want. Like they're dealing with smaller transactions, they have a different workflow and kind of process, so it works well for them. We've even built out like QR codes for some like contract contractor contractor guys who would show up like in person and they need to get a payment done there. They would like hold up like a QR code that's built out specifically for their company that the person would sign scan that be attached to an invoice. They'd make the payment. So yeah, we've done some custom solutions and that's kind of where that the payment portal originated from. But like I mentioned, it's got a lot of popularity. And so we are adding some more functionality there.
Dan Sizelove: Okay, got it.
Colton O'Farrell: Curious, are you guys looking to use us for accounts payable at all? Do you have any bills that you're paying or what that process is like for you today?
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, we've got lots of bills that we pay as far as paying them via ACH through this. Is that what you mean?
Colton O'Farrell: You could pay your bills via ACH, absolutely, or you could you can pay also via credit card to whatever option you want. It's just, so we have over 10,000 companies who use us for accounts receivable or accounts payable or both. Just understand, not all of our customers, it's applicable on both sides of the business. Some it is, so I just like to ask. The workflow is really simple and easy there. So you just go to new bill, could add the customer that you want to pay, enter the amount, the reason for it, and here, they'll just do.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, I can tell you right now, current ownership, it wouldn't fly. He's a gatekeeper when it comes to ACHs. He needs to sign off on all of them.
Colton O'Farrell: So we do have an approvals workflow for you can set that up for any of the bills. So if they hit a certain threshold, they would have to go to this individual, but we can absolutely set up approvals workflow.
Dan Sizelove: Okay. And that's the way it is right now. We just, it's all done through Valley, our bank. So we We initiate the ACH in Valley, he gets notified, he approves it. So it's certainly a possibility of something that we might roll in, but I don't immediately know.
Colton O'Farrell: You have access to it at any point, so you're able to use it as you need or see fit. I just want to make sure you're aware of kind of how that process works. I'm not sure if you got a chance to look at the pricing page much. But happy to break that down for you if you have any questions. Also was curious, so you mentioned you have some larger invoices, like 130,000 is kind of on the higher end. In terms of number of vendors you guys are working with and annual revenue, this doesn't change pricing for us, by the way, just curious for internal data. What are you guys doing for number of customers and annual revenue?
Dan Sizelove: Number of customers that we ship to is, it's pretty small. We're a manufacturer, and so we're mostly shipping to wholesalers and, I would say, Factory direct dealers who are, you know, volume and then taking in more product. So I don't know, they could no more than 20.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay.
Dan Sizelove: Uh, and then. Revenue is, we'll probably do five and a half, six this year, million.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, nice. Well, I was gonna kind of explain the Nickel Core plan. I'm not sure that's gonna quite fit what you guys are looking for because, you know, the one thing is there's a limitation when it comes to ACH transactions on the free plan. So they have that at 25,000 per transaction. It's not cumulative, so you could do 100 of those. You just cannot do one at 20, $26,000. But on the Nickel Plus plan, so that's $45 monthly or it's $35 a month with an annual subscription. So it comes out to $420. We bump up the $25,000 ACH transaction limit to just under a million dollars per transaction. You can schedule payments in advance, you can do recurring payments in advance. We also speed up the ACH processing time. So generally we're seeing same day to two day turnaround time. That's still we're still required to get in those ACH payments prior to the bank's cutoff times of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. But as long as you get in by that time, generally same day to two day at the latest for the Plus account, and there's no hidden fees, no other transaction costs here. The only way that you would pay anything greater than this subscription cost is if you agree to eat some of the credit card surcharge for your customers or you're paying bills with Nickel and then using the, like a credit card. So for accounts receivable, it's 2.99%, so incoming. And then as you're paying bills, it's 2.90%. Not a huge difference there, but like to call it out. Any questions with that, Dan?
Dan Sizelove: No, not with that, but I did read something on your site about offering terms. We do sell to, most of our customers are prepay, but, you know, certainly the, They ask for terms. So how does that work?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, asking for terms on a specific invoice.
Dan Sizelove: Well, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I have an example.
Dan Sizelove: Just.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so when you're sending the invoices through Nickel, we can collect the memo that you're using and add it in the email. So we can attach your terms of service and link them wherever you wish. This will also see like, they'll see this when they're on the portal paying that invoice as well. We could add the terms directly into the memo of the invoice, if that makes sense.
Dan Sizelove: Yeah, sorry, I don't. So when I say terms, I mean like credit terms. I thought on your site, There was something on here about offering, yeah, activate customers and extend net terms with confidence.
Colton O'Farrell: So the net terms is probably relating to the credit card, like floating 45 day float if they're paying that or unless you're, are you looking at something else? I just want to Make sure I'm understanding properly. Okay, I got you. Yep. So on the.
Dan Sizelove: Let'S see.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I believe you just have customization over this as a Nickel Plus member. Generally, what I was referring to was like the 45-day float that customers would get when they're paying credit cards. Do you have a specific terms in mind that you're thinking? Are there anything else that we wouldn't normally be doing, do you think?
Dan Sizelove: No, I think they'd probably be pretty standard. I think you reference here on your site 30 and 60 says up to 60-day terms. So, I mean, yeah, sure, if that's something we can offer our customers, my understanding here is we get prepaid, we get paid up front and according to this, but I don't know, is it a 5% fee? Is that what it is?
Colton O'Farrell: So, I'm happy to explain how like the payment aspect works in the, this also comes in handy kind of with the bank level security built in fraud protection. you know, we're SOC 2 compliant, we're handling all PCI compliance. In addition to how payments are really working or being processed is we also are the ones who are kind of on the front end. So like our customers, we would be most likely to be hit with fraud before they would because of how we have the processes set up. So when you're requesting a payment from your customer, they're paying that. We are taking money from our own account, getting that to you immediately. and then we're worrying about getting that money from your customer into our account. But that's how we're speeding up the process. We have different bank relationships, so that's where that kind of comes into play, if that makes sense. So we can get you paid right away if your customer completes that. It's just about the getting the money into our account, then if there's any issues there, like a chargeback or any, you know, on that side.
Dan Sizelove: Does that mean the customer has to fill out a credit app prior to taking advantage of this? Is that?
Colton O'Farrell: I will have to double check with the team on this. This might be a new ad that they've had on here. I haven't gotten too much many questions when it comes to the net terms beyond just what they can change themselves. So let me get some answers from the team before I try to advise too much on that site. But yeah, like I said, I have that as a follow-up. Are there any other aspects that you wanted to discuss or questions that I could help answer? No, no, I don't think so.
Dan Sizelove: Okay, awesome. And it looks like, so you obviously.
Colton O'Farrell: Got your account set up. You might also hear a storm in the background. Looks like Chicago's getting hit with a pretty big storm right now. But all you have to do is link the payment method. Once that's done, you're able to start sending and receiving payments through Nickel. If you want to download that CSV file as well from your ERP, get that over to our team. They'd be happy to upload all of your customers, all of your invoices. And if we need to do that on like a scheduled cadence too, we'd be happy to do that for you just to make things easiest. But Dan, what makes the most sense kind of on your side here for next steps? Happy to send demo like video that's recorded as some of the workflows. I can send some more supporting resources. And also get that answer for you on the net terms. But yeah, what makes sense for you on next steps?
Dan Sizelove: Oh, I think I mentioned a couple of times that we're going to need buy-in from ownership. I don't have the information I would need in order to get this set up. So that's first and foremost. So we just kind of needed some information today about how this works. Nice. I am, one of my points of persuasion to ownership is the fact that you offer the net terms. That is something that would be attractive to some of our customers.
Colton O'Farrell: Great to know.
Dan Sizelove: And so that's, I would say let's get that in that question answered so that I have all my ducks in a row for ownership. And so I just want to double check, 'cause with Clover, It's the fees are all over the place. We have battled with them on the phone several times trying to get a handle on exactly what the fee is. And the best I can do is take the monthly statement and say, okay, here's all of the charges and here's the fees. And they come roughly out to around 4%. But it's nothing where it's not predictable. Right, so we were doing like we were passing along a 3% surcharge to our customers.
Colton O'Farrell: You're reading the 1%.
Dan Sizelove: What's that?
Colton O'Farrell: You're reading the 1% then with that or is that?
Dan Sizelove: I guess, yeah, I mean here we thought we were at closer to three, but we kind of peeling back the layers we realized. So if I can replace Clover with something that is more predictable of what the fees would be, then it'd be a lot easier for us to build that in and eat whatever percentage of it. So I like that part that you can pass it on or not. The ACH, having that in there would be good for a number of our customers. So like I said, it's, it's, I wish I was the end all on this and I could just, you know, plug in my social security number and all that, but I am not the owner of the company. company.
Colton O'Farrell: And you said it's, is it the owner or the CFO that is going to be reviewing this or both?
Dan Sizelove: Well, it appears we need beneficial ownership information to, to complete the setup. So I, I will, I will have to. Yes. I, I'm not just gonna go to HR and find out what his Social Security number is.
Colton O'Farrell: Of course. Yes.
Dan Sizelove: Back and fill that out. I need to get buy-in from him, but. just building a case against what we currently have. Right. Last time I floated this out to him, his response was, we can accept ACH through Vali. And I just need to explain why this is better since we can push out a link and that it will expand our ability to get paid by certain customers and not have to worry about checks being sent to the mail.
Colton O'Farrell: Exactly, yep. And you won't have to deal with Southern California sending the check, taking 10 to 20 days to get to you. So you can definitely cut down on that. Again, our card prices are the card rates are static, so you're not going to have any variable like what you were having at Clover. I'm going to send that follow-up email. There'll be a recorded version of the demo that we covered. I'll link some additional resources and of course get the question for you answered about the net terms. If you have questions though, feel free to reach out via email. You can give me a call. Otherwise, I'll be keeping an eye out for you and we'll take it from there once you've had the buy-in from ownership.
Dan Sizelove: Yep. Awesome. Thank you very much, Colton.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely. Thanks so much as well, Robin.
Dan Sizelove: Appreciate y'all. Have a good one. Take care. You too.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2975372.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T012433Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=37a27485a3c7032c4793238c51cc8b5ecf7ae6efeee85c456ac4838ab0ebc35f687390df5e70e5fde2865096fe67ff607637d42a88e30490032b6c71fae03d438a88b8cb3ede28b21c23ffde3b69be9623d0cce2ce6e85a444d57ebff138d902f47519903c93787da9d3913f2c2b2ee61617db4ac76c0b0e3f06e2040f971b14840093c9f7bf64b5e8efa44c8c017671a9cdc0d3f781faec27bc0769a495ba310450e58d4a1b1a9421de4241c059c6ebf2d7ea91e7b63be8dae513d11e817f0a16972b267e3768140d0a11ae204eb87334c054f200013d518607526ff62f3a5b340246c1cc222797e115d4ff0714d339da24aac1f66d8228c24498f0b4dc97c9
