---
title: Mateo Vosganian and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-08-13'
time: '17:00:36'
duration_sec: 1378.82
duration_min: 23.0
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- Mateo V <mateo@caffelena.org>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 45
---

Colton O'Farrell: Hey, Mateo.
Mateo V: Hey, how's it going, Colton?
Colton O'Farrell: Going really well. How about yourself today, sir?
Mateo V: Good, thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, I'm glad we could hop on this call today. I apologize for calling you earlier there. Just had some questions a little bit. I saw the note that you had left. Looks like you were mostly just looking for a payment ACH provider. Was curious a little bit to understand kind of what you have in place today. What else did you get? Yeah, you didn't mention what you had mostly just through the bank that you have and it's a little bit clunky on the accounts payable side. Is that right?
Mateo V: Yeah, yeah, we're just using the bill pay service through the bank and it stinks.
Colton O'Farrell: What are they charging you for that?
Mateo V: It's free.
Colton O'Farrell: Oh, it is free. Just more of a clunky process.
Mateo V: Yeah, and there's no function to add any notes to the transfers and stuff. We deal with a lot of, we're a music venue, so we deal with a lot of agencies. We're sending out a lot of different deposits and we need some way for them to be able to track. Okay, this deposit came in for this artist for this date type of thing. There's not good functionality for that.
Colton O'Farrell: I gotcha. Are you utilizing QuickBooks Online today or any other kind of what's QuickBooks Online? Yep. Awesome. We do have a native integration so we can sync everything from QuickBooks, bring that over. Are you not sending out invoices to anybody via QuickBooks? Correct. You're just Correct, mostly looking okay. for an accounts payable And for solution. those payments you're making, you're just looking to mostly do ACH? Are you looking to do credit card payments through those?
Mateo V: No, ACH is what we're looking to do.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, yeah, no worries. Well, we do allow for 100% free ACH for all of our customers. Do you have any particular questions for me before I kind of show you a little bit of the solution? We'd be happy to address those though right on the front end for you.
Mateo V: No, I think I got our bank, I got our account set up, I got our bank linked.
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect. So yeah, I just kind of wanted.
Mateo V: To see around the platform and make sure I'm using it correctly.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, that sounds great. Well, let me go ahead and share my screen then quick, kind of pop in here. Pardon me, I'm at a coffee shop. I usually have a second monitor, so we're just working off the one laptop today. Awesome, but let me know if you can see the screen okay. Perfect. All right, so you got your account set up, you got your bank connected, that's perfect. You're ready to start sending or receiving payments via Nickel. Sounds like we're mostly going to be doing the accounts payable side. Did you go ahead and link your QuickBooks account yet? Not yet. Not yet. You might want to do that. So what you would do for that is just go to account settings, go to integrations here. You would click this green link QuickBooks you'd simply account sign button in, that brings select you to your Intuit's company, chart QuickBooks of accounts, and everything once you've page. done that will sync over to Nickel, all of your vendors, all of your bills, everything will be brought over directly into Nickel here. And to make a payment, you could just simply select on any of your bills or go to this far right-hand side where it says payment in progress, make a payment. That would, you would have a QuickBooks logo connected to any of those that are brought over connected from QuickBooks. to QuickBooks We don't anymore. actually have this So one I'll just show you that you can also generate a bill directly from Nickel as well. If you want to continue to generate those through QuickBooks, though, you can definitely do that as well. But you just go to New Bill, find your vendor who you're looking to send that bill to. We'll do Colton Software here and make a payment. We'll just do $10 for the demo purpose, reason for payments. You can attach any kind of invoice or file that you need to. We'd also rename it whatever you have for you the would reason go for to payment make a there. payment. If you're looking to, so for this example here, I don't have, and this would be for your customer or the vendor that you're looking to pay. If they have not set up their banking information, it would have this red box where you wouldn't be able to complete the payment, but we can either send this to them via ACH or we can send it to them as a check if they would like as well. If they're looking for a check, they just have to add their address and it would be a $2 charge there. If you're looking to do ACH though, this is what you can expect. So it would come, you'd have a time frame down here. As long as you get that ACH payment submitted before 3 PM Eastern Standard Time, it will be processed that with one business day. So you can see the withdrawal date, the delivery time, and that estimated arrival date. What I'll do on your side is just show you how, what your customer would go to see once they're setting you up. So I'm going to go to Vendor here, we're going to set you up as a new vendor so you can see what that email looks like. If I had your information and you might have this for some of your clients, you can go ahead and enter that yourself. So you would enter their name, what kind of business they are, address, and if you have the ACH kind of banking information, you could add that yourself. I don't have your information and you might not have everyone that you're looking to pay, so you could actually ask them to fill out a form for that. So I'm just going to go ahead and grab your info quick. One second. And right here. And let's see. Oh, looks like it stopped sharing. One second. Sorry. Can you see that okay? Yeah, perfect. So I'm going to send you an email and this is what your customer or the vendor in your case would look to expect. If you wanted your customers to verify via when they're connecting their bank account via Plaid, you would turn this on. So right here, just to make sure that that works. But I'm going to go ahead and send you just a quick email here so you can expect to receive that in just a moment. and I can show you what that bill pay would look like.
Mateo V: Got it.
Colton O'Farrell: Perfect. And if you, yep, here, I can stop sharing for a moment. If you have any questions, see from the customer side or what your vendors will see. Cool.
Mateo V: Okay. Yeah, this looks pretty standard.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool. And I can be happy to send like a just a small test payment just to show you that if you've added your information.
Mateo V: Not yet.
Colton O'Farrell: All set?
Mateo V: No, it's having me do the plaid thing.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, I think I did toggle that plaid off. If you do leave that off, it wouldn't require the plaid verification. Gotcha. I think I confused there for a moment. Sorry about that.
Mateo V: So what do I need to, it says how would you like to receive payments?
Colton O'Farrell: So if you want to see kind of how fast it works, like the bank information, if you put a, if you were to put your address, we would send a check and that would have to obviously go through the mail still, but that is an option. Gotcha.
Mateo V: Well, I don't know. It's still having me do the plaid thing.
Colton O'Farrell: It is. Okay, let me. Let me try that again then. And I'm gonna go ahead and just shut off here. The plaid. So we got. And then we'll. Whoops. Let's try that again. So I don't have that toggled on if you want to. Yeah, it's literally fun to bring people together, so okay. There we go. Got it. Yep. Cool. Cool.
Mateo V: All right, done.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool. So gotcha. So I just go to Bill then, I'd go to new Bill here, got you added, find your name. Let's see. Oh, I added the two of them. Let me just go through and delete the one that we did not actually. Okay, so we're going to go ahead and delete this one. There we go. Go back to bills. $5. Demo, go to make a payment. And. We'Re going to use the bank accounts. Be withdrawn today, take one day and it'll end up in your account tomorrow. So I'm going to go ahead and review and pay. So you've added your bank account, no fee on either side of for us. See right there. go to pay. And I'm also going to get a receipt right there. Pop that open so you can see what it looks like. Right here. So this is what your customer, what your receipt you'll get and kind of how that process works there.
Mateo V: And then what does it look like? you know, when the ACH shows up in a customer, like in a one of our person's bank accounts. So if we send a payment, does it show Nickel or will it show Cafe Lena or?
Colton O'Farrell: It will show your company's the one making the payment. Okay. Nickel's just simply the processor. It would show Cafe Lena.
Mateo V: And is there a way for us to adjust what that line says or I should just be sending them receipts?
Colton O'Farrell: What line are you asking about?
Mateo V: So when I look at our bank statements, a lot of ACHs that we get have the sender and then there's usually at least a couple characters of being able to put a note in there per transaction. Is that a possibility here?
Colton O'Farrell: Putting a note, not like on the receipt here form that I'm showing, you mean like a note somewhere else? Yeah. Yeah. And where exactly. Sorry, I missed that. A little out in the cafe. Where would you like that note to be?
Mateo V: Well, in the, I, it's not, I'm not sure if this is something that nickel does or anything. I don't know. Basically, when I get my bank transaction statements from the thing, it says, you know, like Cafe Lena. And then there's some of them I'm able to edit what it says after that in the transaction. So when you log into their transactions, they can see Cafe Lena sent them a payment, but it also gives them. any information?
Colton O'Farrell: I know you can nickname accounts. You can leave a note like here within kind of your own internal side. Is this more for your record purposes or for your customer side?
Mateo V: Or the customer to help them trace payments?
Colton O'Farrell: I got it. I follow up with our team just to understand what full capability exists on that side. I'm mostly on the internal side here of what they would be seeing. So I don't have a Let me follow up with the team on that one, okay?
Mateo V: Okay, and for the most part, I think this receipt thing handles most of it. I just need to go through and get all the receivables, people's emails from each of our vendors, but that's not a huge lift, so cool.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, I was curious, what kind of, so obviously your large payments being passed around here, I'm happy to go into kind of the pricing and plans. I was curious, what kind of like size bills are you kind of expecting to be paying via ACH? of 25,000?
Mateo V: No, no.
Colton O'Farrell: Maybe below?
Mateo V: Yeah, they're usually 300 to 10, 10K.
Colton O'Farrell: So 25,000, so they're 300, how much are those bills usually?
Mateo V: They're anywhere from $300 to $10,000.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay, got it. And nothing larger than that? And one-time engagements? Nope. Cool. Yeah, so let me just pull up the pricing then. Happy to kind of walk you through this and explain this. It sounds like the Nickel or our free plan should meet most of the needs of what you're looking for. So with that, that is the completely free plan. So what that allows for is unlimited AC. However, the main caveat there is you only can have three active users on the account. We do limit it to $25,000 per ACH transaction. Accumulative, meaning you could do 100 of those, you just cannot do one at $26,000. You also get access to I mean, customer payment portal, you're using us for accounts payable, so not applicable to you. But you can expect those payments to take ACH wise two to three business days so long as we meet that cutoff time of our sponsor bank. That's the Nickel core plan. So there would be no, sorry, my internet connection is cutting out a little bit, but there's no fees associated with this plan. The only way to pay is if you agree to eat like a credit card surcharge on accounts receivable, which you're not looking to use us for, or if you're looking to make bills via a credit card on the accounts payable side. But again, you're looking to use us for ACA. You shouldn't have any costs there. I will call out the Nickel Plus plan, though, just so you can understand what that looks like. That is our paid subscription. It's $45 monthly or $35 a month with an annual subscription. So that's $420 annually. So 20% discount. What this plan allows unlimited for is users on the account. There's no hard transaction limit, so you can do up to a million dollars per ACH transaction. You can schedule payments in advance, you can do recurring payments in advance, and then we can also auto-debit your customers and pull from their account on the accounts receivable side, which is what this is. We do speed up the ACH processing as well, so it's generally same day to two-day turnaround time, but that's kind of, there's no hidden costs or transaction charges. But those are kind of the two main plans laid out. So like I mentioned, the nickel core should mostly meet your needs, but any questions with this or anything unclear here?
Mateo V: No, that's very helpful. I think, you know, I just give you to give you some information. We're starting with we'll start with the nickel core to like start sending ACHs. And I'm this is my first time using a platform like this. So we're thinking about starting to use it for some of the other functionality as well. But just right now, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: That makes perfect sense. Most of our customers, you know, we have 10,000 customers who use us for either accounts payable, accounts receivable, or both. A lot of them will do kind of a slow roll, like test it out some, some like to do, you know, connects with QuickBooks, just bring it all over. It's however you want to use it. I'm here to support you, educate you. You can, of course, reach out to me if you have any questions, but I did want to call out as well that we do have built-in chat support, so you Help just come right Center below right that here. Account settings. This will go to a live member of our team. You won't be talking to a robot. Generally, we're getting it in here within about a 30-minute time span is kind of the later stage, so they're really fast about getting responses. But if you're not getting the help you need, I'm always happy to reach out to me and I can escalate things internally as well. Did you have any questions from kind of a... I'll share this as well in my follow-up email, but just wanted to let you know from a security and data standpoint, so, you know, this is your first time using a solution like this. We would simply be your payment processor. So the money is always yours that you're moving, whether it's account payable or accounts receivable. It's always yours, always. We're just moving it through FDIC insured accounts. We're handling all of the PCI compliance. If there's any kind of card fees, so you would only get the net amount, we would get any kind of card fees. We're compliance in all 50 states as well. So if you ever have customers kind of asking questions about, you know, credit card surcharging. We are compliant in all 50 states for that. Also SOC 2 compliant, so we are protecting you, your customers' information. We have bank level security, built-in fraud protection. One reason that a lot of customers like to use us as well is we put ourselves kind of on the front line when it comes to fraud. So we are moving money from Nickel accounts. So your bank would be protected because Nickel would be the first kind of on the line if there was any kind of fraud or attacks that tried to happen. So that's just one thing to call out that a lot of our customers appreciate. And it's not always clear on kind of how that works. So just explaining it that way. And also on the accounts receivable side, when you are looking to use us for that, it's a very simple, straightforward process, works very similar to the accounts payable. You'd simply have your transactions pulled in from QuickBooks Online. you'd come to this right hand side where it says request a payment, you would simply click that. Let's see, we'll do this one right here. But we would send a secured payment link, which is right here to your customer. I'm going to just open this up in a new tab so you can see what that looks like. But they would receive an email that has like a Pay Now option. So I'll show you the previous one. So this is what your customer would receive on the accounts receivable side. So we would send this either via email or via text message to them. It would say, you have a new payment request. from Cafe Lena, you could have your logo there as well. Any kind of note there, the invoice would be attached from that's brought over from QuickBooks Online. Instead of when you generate an invoice in QuickBooks, instead of reviewing and send, you would simply create the invoice and hit save and we could actually automatically send that to your customer for you. We'd send it just like via email, just like this. If they have any questions in reply to this email, you would be cc'd you could here on any kind of communication. But when they hit this pay now option, this is where they'd be brought to that secure payment link. They want to pay via ACH in their bank. It's completely free for you and for them. They would just need to enter their routing and account numbers there and make the payment. They want to pay via credit card, maybe for a 45 day float or for credit card points. They could do that. There's just that fee there. They would enter their information, make the payment, you would get the net amount, so that 120 and we would get the 359. Like I mentioned before, that credit card surcharge is to be paid for completely by your customer, but you do have complete control over how that is divided up on the accounts receivable side. So you can come into here, get paid. This is the global rule. So right now, 100% of the charge will be paid for by your customer. But if you want to split this globally for all customers, you can do that 50/50. If you want to eat the costs, you can do that. But by default, again, it's at 100%. But you can override any invoice levels, global settings. So I could come in here and just for this particular invoice, I could adjust this to be 50/50. And every other customer would have that 100% rate. This customer in particular would just have that 50% though.
Mateo V: Solid. Okay. That answers my question that I had.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool.
Mateo V: Yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Absolutely. What other questions do you have, Mateo? Anything that's unclear or I mean, you can create your account, you linked your bank account, you're good to start sending or receiving payments as you see fit, but anything that would be helpful from my end just to clear up?
Mateo V: No, this has given me all the information I need to do the task that I wanted to do and then also some other stuff that I wasn't planning on using Nickel for. So thank you for your help. I appreciate it.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it's my pleasure. I owe you an email. So I'll send you a follow-up email with some of the resources like a recorded demo I link shared. as well. I'll If you have also any send of the like other team members who need to learn kind of how to use Nickel, you could feel free to share that with them. But if any questions come up, I'm here to support you. You just let me know. Otherwise that the help center chat should be able to get you connected to our support team directly as well. Yeah.
Mateo V: As an anecdote, I don't know if it's helpful for you to hear, but I I couldn't get our bank account added. So I, you know, created a, did the support chat and within 10 minutes, Real human responded and I was, my problem was solved within like, I don't know, seven more minutes, you know? So yeah, just as a, as a, the customer side, I really appreciate that. I know that's very rare these days. So thank you. Yeah, no, absolutely.
Colton O'Farrell: And, you know, I'm working kind of on the sales team right now, but I'm actually looking to more so kind of pivot over to customer success management and be that kind of support. So that's awesome to hear. And, you know, maybe in the near future, I'll actually be kind of working with you on the support side as well. If any challenges come up or you're just looking to expand your use with us or something else you might find interesting too. One thing I want to call out is we do also incentivize referrals. So if you have any, you know, colleagues or other companies, venues that maybe would find benefit in a solution like this, we do have a, you have your, you would have your own referral link. So it's that box right here. Just send this link to any whoops, that's making me sign in quick. Let me just do that quick. But yes, you have this referral link here. So you could share this with any of your customers if they sign up with Nickel, there's, you know, they just have to make their first transaction. We do pay out a $250 bonus for that as well. And then $750 if you have any accounting or bookkeeping firms that you know or use. If they sign up via your link, we also would incentivize that. And if you get two referrals, that pays for an entire year's worth of Nickel Plus. Plus we give you like $80 in addition to that. So just wanted to call that out as well. Cool. Thank you so much, Colton.
Mateo V: Appreciate your time.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, it's been a pleasure, Mateo. If anything comes up, just let me know. Otherwise, you can expect that email here from me in just a moment. Awesome. Take care. You too. Thanks so much. Bye-bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3300340.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T012436Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=1a9b1313eda9ca0547eb88f84ff6a519b4138bf6b54c15d98b564a1518ae5742c5c8512c1de4a2f86e8a5bafb3b2df45cccc03b6a6e333665408ce5c985889bfe157f37d57a16fd07c2d5374a77927756b50fb3f96945f5f9afe370fd041dff24d716719cac1a0fbdb35d7b485b7ee235bb8277b7f050e52be26b357cbf872e5d224def5441b546118441cb8ebee07e4a1867396adfac81748d0117b4bb54b77a6532e5d82713d7b5d750c6dc85676207455343b0260d65d1bd4f903374522b1c60fb4f058c5d42ef015602eff4413e142921c741a8939c11d5a1a2c28ab3201895d2c522289a7ee1ec4641c56b05d4a93a940d7760a882ddb29a8201968fc13
