---
title: Vijaya Kumar and Colton O'Farrell
date: '2025-07-23'
time: '17:00:33'
duration_sec: 2074.03
duration_min: 34.6
participants:
- Colton O'Farrell <colton@getnickel.com>
- PJ Quantum Solutions <info@pjquantum.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 55
---

Colton O'Farrell: . . . hello. Hello. Hi. Hi, Vijaya. Yes.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Nice to meet you. Colton on the sales team here at nickel. Really appreciate you setting up this time for us to meet. Yeah. I thought you got a chance to look at my email and that agenda looked okay for you.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah.
PJ Quantum Solutions: That doesn't look okay for me.
Colton O'Farrell: Yes.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. Well, Vijaya, if you could just tell me a little bit more, I'd love to learn a little bit more about how you found Nickel, what got you to take this call and just learn a little bit more about your business and what's going on on accounts receivable and accounts payable perspective. I think that's a great start.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay. So my company, we mostly deal in accounting financials of certain clients. Most of my clients are from retail industries. and some of them are middle tier industries like associations and something like that, small businesses having network, I would say net turn around, let's say 6 million to 10 million dollar on a year. Okay. So I generally build a lot of integrations with the zero QuickBooks. That's where we actually we are building a lot of tools for my clients to process their data to an accounting software like QuickBooks or zero. So, but recently is one of the client, he has an association for retail merchants.
Colton O'Farrell: What was the last statement you made? Sorry, cut out there just a moment.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Retailers like convenience stores, liquor stores, gas stations in the US, right? So he has an association. So he's a president of association. What does this association does is, so they collect a small premium from their merchants. They actually spend that money to actually bring a lot of promotions from the vendors like Coke, Pepsi and all those things, right? And then they get some rebates and then they distribute the rebates among their members. This is what typically any retail association will do for its members. So one of the challenge is actually to process the rebates to their merchants. Let's say there is an association with 200 members. I'm giving an example of what I have currently is I have an association here in Kansas, Kansas and Missouri state. It has 100 members. That means 100 retail stores as members. And then this association deals with Coke, Pepsi, Kormark, Farm, Barn, Barn, all these big vendors, the Southern Glazers, the beer vendors, liquor vendors, right? They actually cut deals with these vendors. Hey, I have 100 members in my association. What do you do? What is your cut? So what do you offer for me, for my members? If I run your promotions, let's say you have a very good promotion. You think it's good. So we will run your promotion through our businesses, through our member businesses. What is the benefit for my members? So then they cut a deal, they get the rebates, and the rebates will be created first to this association. and then the association will distribute that benefit to its members.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Right. So that's where I come in. So I'm a financial advisor for this association. My company does bookkeeping and accounting for this company. So they asked me, hey, we have these member rebates every month dynamically coming to our account. So we have to keep some admin fee or some kind of fee for our association and the rest that we need to distribute to our members. And typically through ACH.
Colton O'Farrell: I got you.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, through ACH. So now, so I started looking couple of solutions where we can distribute the funds through ACH to its members. So I tried shopping around looking at couple of other solutions. And I recently had a demo from SalesBooks as well. They also have a similar setup where you actually prepare your data in an Excel or a CSV file, all your member data, and then you push the file to their secure FTP and they actually process with the banks.
Colton O'Farrell: I'll stop just here for a moment because I want to clarify a couple of things. Based off what I've heard of what you're looking for, you're going to need an API integration or connection. You're looking for a solution to help with rebates. Just to give you some clarification, we do not provide an API solution to any of our customers. We only have a native integration with QuickBooks Online. We may be building out API connections in the future, but as of today, we do not help with any rebates. We have to work with the end merchant themselves. So we're able to support your business to send invoices to your customers for them to pay you, but we were not able to be like an embedded Solution in kind of the middleman, if that makes sense. Just yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
PJ Quantum Solutions: I've already gone through your notes, your documentation and all those things. And I know that you already have an integration with the Peak Books, right? So that means in Peak Books you can actually work hand in hand.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, exactly. Yeah, we have a native integration. So it's real-time sync between QuickBooks and Nickel. Yeah.
PJ Quantum Solutions: And I see that you don't have.
Colton O'Farrell: Currently any integration with zero. And we will not be building out an integration with Xero. Xero actually acquired one of our competitors, Melio.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay, got it.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, there's no real interest from the leadership and I know inside to build that out.
PJ Quantum Solutions: But I can maintain all those my client information, what is their payable and receivable within your application to process it.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, so we have two kind of views. So we have a business owner view and we have an accountant view. You would be able to be added as a member to any of your clients and they'd be able to see, I mean, they would have to be a Nickel customer. You'd be able to see them and manage your clients from like an accountant's perspective within Nickel.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay, so they have to be a Nickel customer.
Colton O'Farrell: For my understanding of what you're looking to do.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Let's say, for example, I'm more interested in processing my payment. That means as a credit to my clients. not as a debit, let's say.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep.
PJ Quantum Solutions: I distribute rebates. That's, that's all my, all what I wanted to do. So in that case also, do you think that the, my client has to, not my client, my client's clients, right? Eventually. So do they have to, the, the members were getting benefit through ach. Do they have to have an account with you?
Colton O'Farrell: So generally how it works is companies do not need to have an account with nickel to receive payments through nickel. We typically are sending invoices via email or via text message. The customer does not have to have an account with us. They simply need to open up that link. There's like a Pay Now button. And then they would pay that invoice either via credit card or via ACH, and you would receive that. They can create an account with us if they like, but they're not required to on the customer standpoint, but that's you working with your end customer directly where they're paying you.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay. Okay, got it. Got it. So when my clients wanted to distribute these payments to his clients, right, to his association members, so they just have to maintain the information of their members, the research information within your application, and then they process their payment. So there is no action required from the actual customer who receives the benefit.
Colton O'Farrell: So just to clarify, would you be like doing the, you're talking solely about the bookkeeping and the managing your client through Nickel, not Specifically like on the rebate side, it's just managing the client financials and having access to that. If that's what you're looking for, that's what we can do. But I know we're not able to help on the rebate front or if you are trying to work on.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, the rebate friend, even though I'm talking about rebate, I really don't want you to actually treat it as a rebate. I mean, for you, it's just a kind of payment that we are actually sending to our clients, right? So all that I'm looking is actually where I can just add my clients data, let's say the basic information like their, the business information, the name and all those things and the research information. I manage it, I prepare a batch and then send the payment. So let's not talk about rebate. I mean, let's not use the word rebate, right? So we will let's talk about only the processing of payment to my members. That's it. That's what I'm looking for.
Colton O'Farrell: Let me how about I just share my screen, kind of walk you through what that would look like and maybe that will help just just more visualization with our conversation.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, yeah.
Colton O'Farrell: Cool. Awesome. Well, I'm hearing my screen if you want to let me know if you.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Can see this okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, yeah, I can see this okay. Okay, awesome. So yeah, like I mentioned before, we do have that native integration with QuickBooks. So it's very slick. You just go to account settings here, go to integrations, you click the green link QuickBooks account button. This brings you to their website. You sign into your account, select your company chart of accounts, and everything would flow into Nickel from an accounts payable perspective here. as well as an accounts receivable perspective here. I'm not actually connected to QuickBooks on this demo account. However, I do have a screenshot of what it looks like once you are connected because we do have some automation that you can toggle on or off. So once you're actually connected to a QuickBooks account, this is what you would see. So it'd say your company name, it lists your QuickBooks number, and then there would be this automatic payment links button that's at the bottom of the screen, What this does is anytime an invoice is generated within QuickBooks, we would automatically send it to your customer via Nickel, either via SMS or via email for them to pay. They can pay completely for free with ACH, or they could pay with a credit card for a 2.99% fee. The reason you would send it through us instead of through QuickBooks is so you don't have to pay that ACH processing fee, of course. The one time it's not good to have that automation toggled on is if you're generating an invoice and after you've generated it, you have to go through and edit it, make adjustments, other people are having to review that, because each time there's been a change to that invoice, if that automation is turned on, your customer would receive an email for each of those adjustments. So it's great to have on if you're creating an invoice and it's just ready to send, but if you kind of have a reviewing or approval process there, we would recommend having that turned off. In the event that it is turned off, you are still going to have all of your invoices flow into Nickel from an accounts receivable perspective. To send those off, it's extremely easy. You just come to the far right hand side here, you click this request payment button. We're going to send this secure payment link right here to your customer, either via email or via phone number. I'm also going to generate an invoice directly within Nickel here so you can see what that looks like in case you wanted to take that approach. You're not required to do that. If you want to just totally keep using QuickBooks, you're able to do that. But we do have the capability to do recurring or one-time invoices directly from Nickel. So you just find your customer. And actually, before I generate this, I wanted to explain quickly on the credit card surcharge aspect. So if your customer wants to pay via credit card on accounts receivable, we don't think you should have to pay any of that credit card processing fee if that's your customer's preferred method. So by default, 100% of that 2.99% fee will be paid for by your customer. But this is a global rule. You can adjust this to be at any rate you'd like.
PJ Quantum Solutions: So if you want it, okay, you are making it more flexible for the.
Colton O'Farrell: Clients, for both the parties. So if you wanted to fully eat the credit card costs, you could there as well. But again, by default, 100% of that cost goes to the customer to pay. However, this is a global rule and we can override it on an individual invoice level. So I'm going to generate a new invoice here. Just going to find myself. If you go to advanced here, you could disable credit card payments if you'd like, you can allow customers to edit the payment amount, or you can override the global rule and change that credit card surcharge rate just for this individual invoice. So for example, if this one we wanted to split with the customer 50/50, you could override that global rule right there. We'll just keep this as is just to show you what it normally looks like. So I'm going to go ahead and add my invoice number, Our name, let's see we got 723-25. Generally, what are the invoice rates that you were sending to your customers? Like the dollar range?
PJ Quantum Solutions: Dollar range, every month we process like the dollar range, let's say it's between starting from $100 to $300 or $300 a month.
Colton O'Farrell: Mostly smaller kind of $100 payments though related?
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, or non-payment, yeah, the rebates. It's a distributed rebate. so let's say if I get a $5,000 rebate check from Coke, I will distribute to 100 members. So it become a $50, $100 invoice. So all that we are currently doing is mostly the receivable, I mean the payables. So that those are our payables to our cloud or members mostly. But we do have the insurance premium that we are collecting right now through Bank ACH that also we can possibly do automate, right? So we actually pay insurance premium on behalf of our members. But again, we collect it back from our members because as an association, we also extend a benefit of, let's say, $2.5 million worth of insurance to all our members. But we collect premium for that and then we remit it to the insurance company. These are the welfare things for any association does. So right now, at least we're thinking to automate what we owe to our clients.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so looking to like pay bills and vendors through Nickel? Yes. Yeah, I'm happy to show you that right after. So I'm just gonna wrap up the accounts receivable side so you can see what it looks like at least from the customer's standpoint, but then I'll pop right over to that accounts payable and show you how that works as well. But once, yeah, once you're integrated with QuickBooks, those invoices are brought over. We're also gonna bring over any attachments that are associated with those, but if you do not have an invoice attached to The invoice you're generating here within Nickel, you can go ahead and just add that like so. Once you, let's see, one-time engagement, features, whoops. Hold on, let me just get out of this for a moment. There we go. We'll just do this right like so. See if I attach that invoice. There we go. So what we're doing here is creating a secured payment link just for this individual invoice. So I'm going to send this via email here. But if you wanted to send that as a text message, you could also add that. I'm copying and going to paste this link into a new browser so you can see what that looked like in case you were curious before sending to a customer. I already know what it looks like, so I'll also send that off.
PJ Quantum Solutions: But this is what your customer needs. Yeah, we're actually using in Xero also, we use this feature. Most of the applications, they provide this one-time payment link that they can access.
Colton O'Farrell: And then get paid. Okay, perfect.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Nice. So they see something similar to this.
Colton O'Farrell: Where it's they'll have email, yeah, perfect. It's attached the invoice there. If your customer has any questions, replies, you'll be CC'd on communication. They would just hit this pay now button. Again, don't have to have an account with us. And if they pay via their bank and ACH, there's no cost to them associated. If they do wanna pay via credit card, maybe for the 45 day float or for credit card points, they're able to do that. There is a 2.99% fee there that again, 100% of the customer will pay for unless you adjust that. We will handle all the PCI compliance though, so you're only gonna get the net amount. and then Nickel of course would get the 2.99%, but they would simply add their card information, hit pay.
PJ Quantum Solutions: What are the, I mean, I don't know whether it is right time to ask this question since you mentioned credit card payment and then the PCA compliance, right? So what about those, if there is any fraudulent transactions or fictitious transactions?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Great question. So the security aspect.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, great question. That's what we're mostly known for is having very high level Like built-in fraud protection, bank level security. So we're SOC 2 compliant from a security standpoint. Again, we handle all the PCI compliance. We're using encryption and tokenization to protect all of your invoices and customer card payment information. Nickel's really designed so that you're not needing to see your customers bank information and they don't need to see yours. You're completing that and then you're only seeing the relevant information that is applicable to you. Also with how Nickel is set up, if anyone were to be impacted by fraud, it would be Nickel before it would ever be any of our customers because of the processes that we have in place. So when we have our own accounts that we're taking money from and distributing it to other companies, so there's no potential for fraudulent activity to occur within Nickel because of the built-in processes we have in place. We would just never allow them to be a customer.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Perfect. Okay. Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. Great question though. The other thing is that no money is ever living within Nickel. We're simply the processor. All of the times that we're handling any of your money, it is in FDIC insured accounts. So no need to worry about that there. But any other questions when it comes to the security standpoints or questions there? No.
PJ Quantum Solutions: How do you handle chargebacks? I mean, if I may ask.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, how do we handle chargebacks?
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yes.
Colton O'Farrell: So chargebacks would be listed here if for whatever reason you, so let me just see if I have a specific actual quote right here. So if a payment fails due to issues like insufficient funds, chargebacks or returns, the corresponding QuickBooks invoice is voided automatically to maintain accurate bookkeeping. But again, that would be listed right here in the chargeback section.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: The nice thing is the accounts receivable works the exact same as the accounts payable in terms of workflow. So again, all of your bills will flow right into Nickel here. You just come to the far right-hand side to make a payment. So for example, if we were going to do this, I'm not actually going to carry this out because this is a real card I have.
PJ Quantum Solutions: I know, I know.
Colton O'Farrell: But you would just list either the, Credit card, your bank, you'd come to right here to see, so delivery option that could be sent to like the customer's bank account, or we could also send them a physical check if we'd like to, if you'd like to as well. It's like a $2 charge for that. And generally, I believe it's five to seven days for that to be sent and received.
PJ Quantum Solutions: $2 inclusive of the transportation fee?
Colton O'Farrell: That's if you wanna send a physical check to your customer. We do have that option. And there's a $2 fee for the physical check.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay. You actually take care of the check, you bring the check and you send it to the party for $2.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep, we would send it to your customer. Yep.
PJ Quantum Solutions: That includes everything, your delivery fee and everything. Yeah, so it's $2 to just send.
Colton O'Farrell: To mail a check. Kind of perfect. Okay. Okay. And then when it comes to the timeline, so you will see that as well. So we're seeing what the withdrawal date, because we're on Nickel Plus and I'm happy to explain the pricing in just a moment. Because of that, we have same day ACH processing. So that gives you a timeline of when that bill will be paid. Very easy to set up new vendors as well. So you just go to new vendor. If you have their information, you could enter it. If not, we can actually send them a form to fill out. So you just send name, email address. What they would receive on their end is this email here. So it'd say that your company wants to send you money via Nickel. We have some frequently asked questions with answers right there. But if it was too long and they didn't read it on the first page, we do have it again right here. So letting them know that Nickel's a payment processor that their partner is using, we have built in fraud protection, bank level security, SOC 2 compliant. They don't need to have an account with us, just kind of that basic information. But they would just enter whether they're a business, corporation, if they're an individual or contractor, how they would like to be paid. So if they want to be paid via ACH, Or if they want to be paid via check, and they would just enter that information, hit review, submit, and they'd be added as a vendor that you could build pay at any point.
PJ Quantum Solutions: So one question here, can I actually add the vendors with these vendors information, myself with all the information if I have already with me?
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. So if you have it, you can enter it just like this right here. Okay.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay. Is there a way that we can add in bulk? Let's say I have 100 customers.
Colton O'Farrell: Can I? Once we do the integration with QuickBooks, all of your vendors will be brought over as well.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, you have a bulk upload mechanism here.
Colton O'Farrell: So we can multi-pay bills, we can multi-send invoices. You would just select the ones that you're looking to do.
PJ Quantum Solutions: What about adding vendors? I mean, adding vendors, can it be done in bulk with all the information in hand?
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, so I mean, with that native integration should get all that into here. If not, our team is able to Our team is also able to get like a CSV file from there.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay, got it. Okay, you actually insert the data from there on it is peace of mind. So although when it comes to making payment to vendors, because these are, these are, even though they look like recurring, but they're not exactly same every month, right? So let's see if I have 80 vendor that I'm paying every month. So my monthly payments can vary every month. client to client. So how do I handle that? Let's say if I have 80 clients, every month let's say I send a $10,000 payment to these 80 clients with a different amount each month. So how do I process that payment batch in a single go? Is there a way or I have to go back and create each vendor payment every time I go and edit, create new invoice for each vendor? How do I do that?
Colton O'Farrell: So right now with recurring payments, if there is variable with the payment amounts, we do not have the a way for us to bill them recurrently with variable rates. We can only set up a fixed rate.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: There is that option to on these, let's see, for example, is there a.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Way you can, we can upload a file with the recurring amounts. There's no way like that. Create a bulk bills.
Colton O'Farrell: We only typically are receiving a CSV upload to get the information and account set up initially. What did I ask? What's your company doing in terms of revenue?
PJ Quantum Solutions: Like I told you, right? Every month we process rebates, right? So I don't receive rebates from my vendor like the Pepsi and Coke. They don't give me rebates in a uniform basis, right? Every month because that depends on sales of my members, right? So the monthly, my payments monthly are more dynamic. My rebates are dynamic.
Colton O'Farrell: Yep. No, and I understand that. I'm not asking about that aspect. I'm just curious in terms of total annual revenue that your company is doing.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay.
Colton O'Farrell: Do you know what that number is by chance?
PJ Quantum Solutions: What numbers? I'm sorry, I lost you for a second.
Colton O'Farrell: Yeah, no worries. Just your company, PJ Quantum Solutions, what is your annual revenue from your clients on a yearly basis?
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, so this is actually one of my client companies that I'm dealing with. I'm an accountant. So we do accounting and finance, but my client is an association. Let's say Moken is an association, Moken, Missouri, Kansas, retail, okay, that is an association. So they actually use this application. So I'm going to recommend this to.
Colton O'Farrell: Them because I'm an accountant for them, right?
PJ Quantum Solutions: So I recommend this. And what company was that, did you say?
Colton O'Farrell: It's Moken. Moken.
PJ Quantum Solutions: And you can even go to Mokenretailers.com.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Yeah.
PJ Quantum Solutions: So they do receive the monthly rebates. from let's say three four vendors. One vendor give $10,000 check, another vendor $5000 check, another $10,000 check. Let's say they receive every month they receive a $25,000 to $30,000 worth of rebates, which then they have to distribute to their members every month. The same members, let's say they have 80 member members, the distributed 80 members, but not in uniform like not the same amount regularly because it is dependent on how much actually they sold at the store. So because you get the rebates different amounts and then you also distribute the rebates in the proportionately how you receive, right? You receive this much and then you get a file from your vendors, hey, this is a rebate check and this is what your members have sold. So you distribute this money as per this percentage, right? So either we prepare a file we can upload if there is a way that we can upload. So we don't have to.
Colton O'Farrell: So the reason I was asking about the revenue is so we have 10,000 customers that use us for accounts receivable, accounts payable, and there are certain requirements. If we're doing like a scheduled upload, there has to be, it has to be like, you know, volume-based, revenue-based, like for larger. We can't do this, like the one-off process, just for every customer, because our team just simply does not have the bandwidth for that. So that's why I was asking in terms of what you're doing today.
PJ Quantum Solutions: So you need to, you need to know the actual bandwidth, right? So if you know the bandwidth, then you can see whether you can even entertain the entertainment this scheduled update or not. Okay. I mean, the bandwidth, I would say these are 100 members, I would say monthly $10,000 worth of rebates. So not more than that. So I don't think that fits into your, according to my opinion.
Colton O'Farrell: I don't believe so. Like I said, we're always happy to help get the account set up with like a simple CSV upload, integration, most things should be brought over. Okay. But with the workflows that I've showed you right here, so from the accounts receivable, accounts payable, if that can fit into your business model and use cases, I'll be honest, I haven't experienced a specific situation like yours that has worked with us. So just to be upfront with that, if you're able to make it work for you, that's awesome. Just quickly go into that.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Another downside for me actually with Nickel is my client is using already zero. Okay, so it would be really beneficial for them to actually have an integration because they already create accounts payables there. You know, so it will be very easy for me. There's an integration built in so they can actually send process the payment directly through that accounts payables from zero flowing to your nickel and then and so on and so forth.
Colton O'Farrell: And unfortunately we're not going to be building out that.
PJ Quantum Solutions: I know, I know, I know, I see that.
Colton O'Farrell: What I wanted to show you quickly, so I'm going to show you a couple things because we are running up here on time. So this is just like a business account. We also do have like accountant view only. So I just set up this new account here. So there's not going to be much in it, but I will just show you quickly what it looks like from an accountant perspective. So you will see like on the accountant viewpoint, you would see clients right here. So you could do new client and invite them. So you just add them as a client here, you'd send that. So like I said, I just created this before the meeting, so there's not much in here, but you would, if you're an accounting firm, you would have.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Like a client view here.
Colton O'Farrell: Okay. Got it. The last thing I was gonna touch on, so we touched on the security and payment aspects of pricing. So just to explain pricing really quickly, the only two plans that you really need to be concerned are the Nickel Core and Nickel Plus. So Nickel Core is our completely free plan that every customer gets started with once they sign up. It's really designed for small businesses. So there are some limitations, some of those being you only can have three active users on the account. You can only do $25,000 per ACH transaction. So you can't go over that. That's not cumulative, meaning you could do a hundred of those. You just cannot do one at $26,000. We're generally getting that process in two to three days.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Re:active users, what does it mean to be active users?
Colton O'Farrell: From my platform, So active users would be members right in here. So you have an administrator, that's an active user, you have a manager, that's an active user, and then we have members which are not considered active users because they have restricted access and it can only view only. So it'd be like one administrator, two managers.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Okay, okay, okay, okay. But this is not for customers, right? This is not for customers limit. This is only for.
Colton O'Farrell: An actual business. excuse me. Yeah. So like I mentioned, we there's no limit to the ACH transaction so long as you're below that 25 000 amount. We are still required to get ACH processed before 4 pm Eastern Standard Time. As long as you get it in by that time, though, we're generally seeing a two-day to three-day turnaround time. What you cannot do on the free plan is you cannot schedule payments in advance and you cannot do recurring payments in advance. Like I mentioned, it's mostly designed to just be a Free solution for small businesses who are looking for relief from things like ACH fees or no control over credit card surcharges. But basically all the limitations that we have within the free plan, all those are removed within Nickel Plus. So that's either $45 monthly or it's $35 a month with a 20% annual discount. There's no other fees associated with this account. The only way that you would pay anything in additional is if you're eating some of the credit card surcharge from accounts receivable or you're paying bills with Nickel and you're using the credit card. So there's a 2.9% rate there. Otherwise, there's no other fees associated with Nickel. So you could simply just have the subscription. You can have unlimited active users. We bump up the transaction limit to just under a million dollars per ACH. You can schedule payments in advance, can do recurring payments in advance. Oh, and then one other thing I wanted to show that also you would have access to. Every company has access to it within Nickel. is we set up every company with their own portal. So I'm going to just quickly switch out to the other account. Oops. That should work anyways. So. Oh, my bad. There we go. So every company also gets set up with this portal right here. So this is completely customized. and most of our customers will embed it in their own website. So you can go into settings right here and adjust this banner information however you'd like. We can also customize the URL and domain, but only for Plus members. Our Nickel core members still get access to this. They can still change everything aside from the domain or URL. But what this does is it mostly serves as a one-stop shop or a backup solution for our customers. If the primary method is not working, So this would be like embedded in your website, customer would come to make a payment. They could either pay by card rate here for 2.99% or they could pay via ACH with their bank completely for free. So that's another option potentially of something that a lot of our customers get benefit from. But I know we're a little over time here and unfortunately I do have a pretty hard stop. But I will be following up with some resources. So I'll send you a demo video that is most of the Walkthroughs, sorry, walkthroughs that we covered in addition to the pricing page, security page, some customer reviews. But any other questions that you have specifically for me, just curious if you think this is gonna kind of-- no.
PJ Quantum Solutions: I think I have covered everything what I have already. Yeah, I think we covered everything.
Colton O'Farrell: Awesome. We really appreciate the time. I owe you that follow-up email, so I'll get that over to you as soon as I can. But really a pleasure meeting with you today, and I hope you can support your business.
PJ Quantum Solutions: Yeah, yeah. Thank you.
Colton O'Farrell: Have a good one. Appreciate you. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_2947052.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T012823Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
