---
title: Chris Sneed and Christian Sheerer
date: '2025-08-27'
time: '15:29:35'
duration_sec: 1967.52
duration_min: 32.8
participants:
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- null <andrew@pavt.com>
- Chris Sneed <chris@pavt.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 57
---

Christian Sheerer: Obviously, right? That's what we do. Then we can click around the platform if we think it makes sense and then set up some time slash a game plan for testing out some transactions using nickel. And then if there's anything else that we need to help troubleshoot, set some time aside from for that in between now and then. Okay, cool. I guess I'll let you start. Like fill me in on kind of how the payments process works, like what the nature of the way you're currently doing those things now is most everyone pays by check.
Chris Sneed: That's our main form of income, payment style for most of our clients. Some do ACH, some do credit card, but very few. We're looking at maybe three of our clients, and that is maybe and then Yeah, that's mainly it. But we are trying to look for something that would be easier for us and also the clients at the same time. We send a link they can pay either with ACH credit card and it would need to add the fee automatically when they choose it. So if you don't have that option, that's a no-go right there for us. and then also just give them information. If they want to send a check, they can send the check to this. So basically we're looking for a link that we can set up where they click on it, gives all the information that they need to add their credit card information, if they want to pay by credit card, add their ACH, you know, our ACH and whatnot, however that would be set up. And then also, um, if they want to send a check, then click on that and they have the information there on our contracts. We have the information for a check as well, so it's not like that's a big issue, but I would like that there as well.
Christian Sheerer: So, sounds like a good deal. We can do all that stuff. Check mark. You're good. But I'm curious, why shake it up?
Chris Sneed: Like.
Christian Sheerer: Why are you looking even in the first place? What's going wrong?
Chris Sneed: There's nothing going wrong. We're just looking for an easier way for us to track everything. And if you have it where all the invoices are in one place and everything, It's going beautifully right now. We're just looking to either do less work on that end and have more organization on that end and be able to have a smoother process in finding when someone paid in payment. Every now we physically have to track it with a spreadsheet and stuff like that. I'm assuming you would have some type of database where it could show obviously when something paid and whatnot, like a printout or something like that after or even just something that you can log into or the website itself would show when this person paid, when this person paid, all that stuff like that, correct?
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Yeah.
Chris Sneed: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. I guess what's the, what's the, what happens if you, if you don't find something easier?
Chris Sneed: Continue doing the way we're doing.
Christian Sheerer: Think it'll be harder to grow or. No.
Chris Sneed: Oh, no, we've excelled from one to now.
Christian Sheerer: We're.
Chris Sneed: We're still doing what we're doing, and we can still track it. It'll still be the same way. There's nothing that we need. This is just to Make our lives easier. Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Got you. Got you. Okay, I think it will. When you send out an invoice, walk me through that process. So like, I guess how many?
Chris Sneed: So in our industry, we don't necessarily need to send out invoices, our contractor does the invoice and people pay with the check normally with either a check, ACH payment or a credit card. Again, it's mainly check, they send a deposit check. we enter it and then they have 10 days after the event to give us the balance. It very rarely comes within 10 days. It comes within 30 days.
Christian Sheerer: But.
Chris Sneed: If we were able to send an invoice link out after the show on that first five days and say here, you know, whatever, I think that would also make it quicker for us getting paid. Even again, we don't necessarily care about that, but it would get us paid quicker instead of reminding them to send the check, which is what we do now. And again, they do it normally within the 30 days of the show. And we're an event planning or event production company, and we do Productions all across the country. So multiple clients all over the country, and sometimes even outside the country, but more often than not inside the country. So cool.
Christian Sheerer: What is the, so it's two payments per contract?
Chris Sneed: Normally some, some ask for, because these are big, big shows, so big payments coming in. So sometimes they'll ask to spread the payments out, which we do. We have no problem doing that. But normally it's a two payment per event. one deposit, one balance.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Usually two, sometimes three, four or what? Yeah.
Chris Sneed: Again, that's we have one or two clients that ask to break theirs up. But again, it's normally one or two. There's one client recently that asked to pay the balance in three different payments and asked to pay the deposit in three different payments, which is a very, very big rarity. That's the first client that's ever asked for that many payments. We gave it to them, which is fine. you know, but that's the most it would ever be.
Christian Sheerer: And that's just the you're tracking a balance on a Google sheet.
Chris Sneed: We have, well, we've given them invoices and they know that each invoice that they have to pay once we get the money, that invoice is paid, that invoice is paid. We have a spreadsheet, we have.
Christian Sheerer: My.
Chris Sneed: Partner does most of the accounting, you know, the accounts receivable, I should say. So I'm not sure whether he has it on a Google sheet or whatnot, but he has some type of spreadsheet where he knows what is paid and what's not paid. Cool. Cool.
Christian Sheerer: You guys have some, and so, so that, so that's upfront negotiated for those ones that are split across more than two payments.
Chris Sneed: Yeah, they asked for that.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah.
Chris Sneed: Okay. They asked for that.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. So you're not having to track them down. It's like we know that this is going to get split up into four and we're going to have four at this time and we're going to schedule them. to send them out at certain periods.
Chris Sneed: Cool.
Christian Sheerer: Either way works with nickel. Like you can have an open balance, they can pay 50 bucks against 50 or 50,000 against 250,000 and then they'll see that 200,000 is still left over as a balance.
Chris Sneed: Does it send reminders on a certain date to pay?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, you can send reminders. Do you guys use some ERP or is that all just tracked in his spreadsheet?
Chris Sneed: Are you not all tracked in his spreadsheet?
Christian Sheerer: Oh, you guys don't have like a thing like QuickBooks Online, something like that?
Chris Sneed: No, our accountant does our main accounting and she does that, but our accounts receivable is all done by us. That's why I wanted something to do to have that would be less time on us and more organized as well.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, you bet. Cool. And you mentioned there were like pretty big payments. What's the typical monthly like volume and then I guess split across?
Chris Sneed: Well, it all depends on the event, but the events can range from anywhere from 5000 to $150,000. So it depends on what the deposit and what the balance would be.
Christian Sheerer: So.
Chris Sneed: You know, it all depends on the event. It's not monthly. We, with events, whatever the event needs. So it varies monthly, up and down drastically. There's no set month where it's going to be the same each month. It's all different.
Christian Sheerer: And the highest one you've done is 150.
Chris Sneed: Oh, I couldn't tell you exactly what the highest one was. I'd have to look back, but I'm just saying that was just a random number. But events could, I mean, we've done bids for $2 million shows. we haven't gotten them, but we've done bids. There's a possibility that we could get them in, in the future. So I don't know what it would be. The ranges up and down all the time.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. No, that's just important for our pricing. In the. In the normal tier that pretty much most people are on. Limit is a million per transaction. Yeah.
Chris Sneed: I don't think any one transaction would be over a million dollars, so. Cool.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I mean, we're built for, I mean, actually like, you know, AV events production, like we have a lot of clients in that space, primarily built for industries where like a $250,000 transaction is small, right? Or like a regular basis. So we were built in the conception of trying to help out industrial small businesses. And so that's allowed us to go into other verticals like yours, right? pretty easily because of how deep the infrastructure needs to be for somebody building a project. They can't get paid until they finish the project. And so we need to build around that. And they're doing a small transaction might be $50,000. And all other payment softwares would freak out. If you did that on Stripe, it would shut you down. You'd have to multi-factor authenticate on both sides. four times. We did a $20,000 transaction through Stripe to Zoom, and our founder had to spend three days logging into his bank account, et cetera. So the thesis behind the way that we got started, them coming from one of the founders coming from Airbnb, the other one coming from Stanley Black and Decker and DeWalt, is like, okay, if we could really figure this out and make a lightweight tool on top of a deep payments infrastructure, then it's going to be a no-brainer for people who move that amount of money every month to do it pretty cheaply. And ACH will be free. A credit card will be 2.99 that you can pass straight on to them. When you guys have customers, do you typically like pull from them or they're, they're, every time they're getting a link.
Chris Sneed: Meaning they're not getting a link right now. They're sending a check. We tell them, we send them We send them a contract, they send us a check. They're not getting a link at all right now. I would like it to be a link. Cool.
Christian Sheerer: So yeah, if I set up an invoice for Chris, I can say this is the first deposit or upfront, I. Guess. Of whatever amount. set it on a particular due date, up front or event A. I can upload the contract here too, so that they can click into it when they get that link sent out to them, but they'll probably have the contract already. This just would centralize it into one spot. I think that might be useful for y'all. And then it'll send them a secure payment link. Each payment is one to one. each invoice is specific to one payment. Each pull of an ACH or a credit card, whatever, is specific to that one payment. We're not doing batch payments, which creates some security and co-mingling of funds risk. So it's all one-to-one. And the reason I ask about if you ever charge them, if you have authorization, you can also send them authorization to charge the payment method on file, maybe for a special job where you have four payments ready to go and you don't want to have to like rehash with them, Hey, I'm going to send a reminder on this day if you send them an authorization that's like, Hey, we're going to pull it on week one, week two, week three, week four, whatever. So that is also an option. So you can send that link, email, phone number. I'll send it and show you what it looks like on my end.
Chris Sneed: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: So this is as a customer of Prestige, what they'll see when you send out a link to them. And they'll go in and say, okay, cool, let's do this. And I'm gonna pay here. Or I can pay some version, some amount of it, and then they'll have that five thousand dollar balance outstanding.
Chris Sneed: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: And.
Chris Sneed: The up, the top, top left hand or top left here versus cotton, o'Farrell. You can change that to a logo in the company name.
Christian Sheerer: So this is, this will be your brand. Yeah.
Chris Sneed: So that what I'm saying is that up there on the left hand side, that logo, we can put a logo there.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, yeah. This isn't the customer's brand. This is you, you, Prestige. Yeah.
Chris Sneed: And then does it automatically send them a receipt? What does it do once you pay?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, they'll get everything. Okay, here you made this invoice, yada yada, full receipt, they'll see all the details particular to, and if you attached that contract, they'll see what it's attached to so they can reconcile it on their end.
Chris Sneed: Got it. Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And then, I mean, down the line too, if you wanna, if a vendor of yours or a customer of yours is on Nickel, that stuff happens a lot more quickly because then we can link up to their accounting software, et cetera, right? So if you wanna make a referral, that pretty much pays for 70% of Nickel upfront anyway. And so I can see all the ones that are completed, so you can replace this, you know, spreadsheet. I can see the ones that are scheduled in the future, or I can see the ones that are active, which still have a balance or an overdue that I can then send a reminder for.
Chris Sneed: Okay. And then is there a way to download, like in a, like a spreadsheet from, from from all the information there? Is there or anything? Is there just a download where you can click download transactions or download invoices or anything like that?
Christian Sheerer: Can you physically get yeah, move it into a CSV?
Chris Sneed: Yes.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. Do you have, do you know what the accounting accountant uses?
Chris Sneed: So she's using, I believe they use QuickBooks. We though, still are going to manually look at everything and, and enter it into something. I understand, at least in the beginning, I know he's gonna freak out if we don't. So I need something to download first for a little bit, and then once we see that it's all there, we probably won't have to do that anymore. But at least for the time being, we want to be able to enter into some type of spreadsheet of our own, just to. cause he's, he's a little OCD, very, very anal about his stuff. So I, I know that's what he's gonna want initially. He's my partner in the business and he's gonna want that first. So. No, good.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, that makes sense. And yeah, I mean, a good cure to OCD is, is a good ERP system, so. you know, the reason I, the only reason I bring it up and ask about the accountant is because that'll just direct sync to your general ledger, like your, your, your QuickBooks Online automatically. So he doesn't have to think about taking that two-step process, but he can have that two-step download, upload, download CSV upload into wherever.
Chris Sneed: So our accountant can also have access then you're saying and be able to yeah. Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And so you can, you can do it that way so that, and you can also set it up that she has or he or she.
Chris Sneed: Sorry.
Christian Sheerer: Nice. That they have less, you know, control. Yeah. So that they can't Make transactions, but they can come in and view.
Chris Sneed: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Or give them administrator access based on, you know, you guys' operating procedures, right?
Chris Sneed: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Set them up as a manager. You can invite them here.
Chris Sneed: Perfect.
Christian Sheerer: And on the getting paid side, when you mentioned like passing the fee on, you can set up as like a universal rule for everybody. So if they're paying by credit card and sort of our philosophy of it is like a lot of people came into us as customers, they're only using checks, right? And it's just like, okay, welcome to the 21st century and payments happen online now. and it's a lot quicker and they save a lot of time. That's one nice thing, right? Is you save a lot of time trying to reconcile, chase down checks, or drive them to the bank. It's usually like 10 to 15 hours a month, depending on the volume. But then they realize, oh, when they give all the options, so the sort of the philosophy is like, if I give my customers, the way that you described it at the beginning, I think is the exact way that we think about it. If I give my customers all the options, they're gonna pick the one that's easiest for them and it's gonna just quicken up the timeframe for them to actually make a payment on it, rather than have to call you and be like, Chris, how do I pay you? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You just, here's all the ways that you can pay us. Pay us. Here's a link. And so oftentimes, you know, they start to see a bigger part of it coming through credit. But yeah, you can send it up for all of them to be eating the fee with no surcharging laws being tripped over. Different states have different surcharging laws. And so if you're operating in different states, we're handling the transaction as a service. So we can just pass that on. easily and compliantly. And on it, the rounding out of that statement is like on an individual customer basis, you can customize this if you wanted to. If you had a special agreement, maybe you went in for a $2 million bid and you're like, I mean, I don't know.
Chris Sneed: I don't know.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. Yeah. You could split it up 50 50. You could always make it like we. We pay zero or they pay whatever.
Chris Sneed: Got it. Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah.
Chris Sneed: Okay. I like that. That's nice.
Christian Sheerer: And. How do you guys. And so this is where your branding will pop in.
Chris Sneed: Nice.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And. And so AR side, I don't know. How does that feel so far? Are there any questions that we didn't cover?
Chris Sneed: No, I think. I think we covered everything. What is the settings tab? I'm sorry. What is that? Oh, that was that one. That was that one. Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. This is specific. So a lot of things get doubled for customers as like a better user experience, right? So like I have this in my settings for AP and AR, right? Get paid is AR. And so then I also have the specific settings for AR on the AR tab, and I have customers here where I can see them.
Chris Sneed: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And I can see all the transactions too, and download that by a CSV.
Chris Sneed: Perfect. Yeah, no, that's great. This is, this is a, this, this may be a winner. We've looked at a couple. This, this is the, this is a.
Christian Sheerer: Good, what else did you guys look at?
Chris Sneed: Through our banks. Our banks have certain. Yeah, 100. Nightmare. Both are. We have two different banks and they both had stuff. And the one that they're billing us for right now wound up being not what they promised at all. So we're. We're getting rid of that one, which actually, they gave us three months for free. They didn't really bill us, but I gotta get rid of it. And before they start billing us and. that's why we're reaching out to you guys.
Christian Sheerer: I think the story there is just like, you know, banks building software. That's not what they do, right? Like, yeah, it's like we can interface with the banks. Obviously, we pull from the bank, right? But we build software. And so that's just like the difference in intention and attention to detail about particular things. It's not like, we would rip you off the bank. It's just like, yeah, you know, yeah, the talent they can hire on the engineering side is just like a little bit different. When you guys pay people, do you do that in the same process?
Chris Sneed: Like you have so we have very, very we have so we work with a bunch of subcontractors and what happens is subcontractors are the ones either supplying the equipment and also labor or both, but one or two of them have their own links that we always pay through.
Christian Sheerer: Cool.
Chris Sneed: They send us a link. One was Xerox or zero X-E-R-O zero. Yeah, yeah. I don't know how they pronounce it. Another one, I don't remember what they use. but again, it's a leak. And then we have one vendor that does majority of our stuff, and he just wants us to send him a check all the time. So we're like, okay, but I'm sure he wouldn't be opposed to being paid differently. But at the moment, like I said, those are the main people that we. We have to worry about, and we don't really have a need for that side, but maybe down the line. what does it look like? How, how would, how would it work that way?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. So you would, you could fill them. In. Set up all your vendors. If you wanted to set up a new vendor, I can enter their information. I can ask them to fill it out. The conversation here is just like, yo, this will Make it much easier for me to track when I need to pay you. I think that's the education on their side to them to get them comfortable. this will make it much easier for me to track when I need to pay you. I can also do it automatically, et cetera. And then I can request their details or I can fill them out if you already have their business and.
Chris Sneed: Their.
Christian Sheerer: ACH routing and account number. I'm sure they're sending that stuff over. Or you can deliver a physical check. This is just $2 for the paper.
Chris Sneed: Got it.
Christian Sheerer: And so you don't have to shake up the ones that are giving out checks, those ones that are sending those links, maybe make a referral. We could probably save them some time and some money, and then it'll be easier that way. But yeah, usually the way that I like to think about it is like in the situations where you have a little bit more control over the way that the payment is done. you can have that easy conversation of like, hey, this will just like quicken up the amount of time it takes for me and my partner to track how I'm making payments out on all of my bills, which are queued, which are paid in full, all of them, et cetera. And you'll even see the ones that are paid outside of Nickel if you want to upload that into Nickel. That's assuming that you have this QuickBooks integration, which we're tracking. That's down the line. that's down the line. Don't worry about that. And you can also have the accountant make some requests to make payments and then you can approve or deny them, what have you.
Chris Sneed: Okay. I do like this. What is the, what's the, I mean, it looked like you had basic pricing up there. and I'm not sure whether that has changed or whatnot.
Christian Sheerer: No, same pricing, I think that as the one that you saw on the site, 35 a month. So ACH is free. Credit card is where we earn some money and then also on that 35 a month and you're passing that credit card fee on. So for the transactions, it'll be, it's a fixed cost of 35 a month for you and then yeah, if they're choosing to pay by credit card because of all the benefits somebody gets by paying on their credit card, they get points, whatever, they get cash back, all that stuff. then they're gonna pay that 2.99.
Chris Sneed: Okay, I'm gonna run this by Andrew. The partner.
Christian Sheerer: Andrew.
Chris Sneed: Yeah, his name's Andrew. I think I put him on it.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, I'm familiar. It's ringing a bell.
Chris Sneed: Yeah, but he had. He had some calls that he had to be on today. Um, what is the setup? time.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I've sold software for a long time, and sometimes it's so funny because I always say this. I'm like, hey, I've sold software where I tell people you need four weeks to, like, figure it out. This should be a, like, this should be an hour, a couple hours, really. And most of the time is going to be waiting for you to, like, put in your bank account information and just, like, connected and all that stuff. So what I typically advise as like a rollout plan, Andrew sounds like he might be satisfied with this. Sounds like it might make his life a little bit easier. And we showed where we can pull that CSV for the time being. And so if you wanted to, if you wanted to get on a conversation where he's on and I can walk him through it and just get him familiar, I think that's a natural next step. But in between then, you can get set up for free 14-day free trial on a monthly plan. It's 35 if you pay for the full year, if you set a year-long contract with us and you pay 35 a month, or it's 45 if you pay month to month. And so my suggestion would be get on a free trial, test some transactions, walk through it with Andrew, and I can send a recap with stuff that Andrew will be particularly interested in so that he has a good download. And also, I can send a recording of this call and then we can get back together after you've had some time to run those transactions and troubleshoot anything, answer any questions that Andrew or you have. And then sometimes after that, it's like, oh, this is smooth sailing. We got it. It's super intuitive.
Chris Sneed: And so here's what I'm gonna say. If you have a recording for this conversation, send that to me today, if you could.
Christian Sheerer: I will.
Chris Sneed: I'm gonna send it to Andrew. Actually, if you have Andrew's email, you can send it direct to him with me on it. I'm gonna go over with him, and then I would. I would think Monday would be a good day for us to. When is. Oh, you.
Christian Sheerer: Monday's Labor Day.
Chris Sneed: The first and Monday's Labor Day. I was like, it's the first. But no, that's not. Um, that's not. Um, not a good day. Um. there's a lot of stuff going on right now. We're trying to, we're trying to get everything done. And this is one of the things that we need to get done. Let's do this. Send it to me today. Let's get back either on a call or I'll probably just say, hey, let's go forward on Friday. But I just want to talk to him first before I do even the 14-day free trial. Just want to talk to him. I want him to hear this as well. I think. I think this is the way to go. Believe me, I'm gonna be selling this to him as well. So out of everything that we've, you know, because I even looked at one or two others, even the zero Xerox one, I. Or whatever. Zero, whatever it is, I didn't like that one either. All the ones that I've come across. So this one. This one seems like the way to go. Send it to me today. We can talk. Me and him will talk about it later today. He's got a bunch of calls, but after the calls, we'll. we'll get that done. And then I think Friday would be the initial start, 14 day free trial, and then go from there if that's good with you.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, no, it's good with me. And I think the way I think about it is, yeah, it should be pretty easy convincing. Like, I believe in the product a lot. So I think of myself as somebody who's just helping y'all roll it out rather than trying to get people to use it because people use it. so that we have, so that I can prioritize y'all. Do you mind if we just set some time and same time on Friday and then we can even test a couple transactions out after you've had time to speak with Andrew on that.
Chris Sneed: Let me look at the calendar. Oh, today's Wednesday already. Geez.
Christian Sheerer: It was faster.
Chris Sneed: Yeah, we don't, I don't have any meeting set up at the moment that I know of. I don't think Andrew's calendar normally coincides with mine. I normally be able to see if he has meetings. I don't see that he has any either. But if there's a certain time, maybe 11 30.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. Friday. Let's do Friday same time. And we can. I'll. I'll. I'll formulate sort of like an agenda, but I think we could just, like, probably pop in. And if you have the conversation in before then and you set up an account, then we can actually just go in your account and run some test transactions. We can run some real ones. I always say test just because it makes it easier on people's minds, but like, we do hundreds of thousands of dollars every hour. So it's like, you know, a test, it will work. Yep.
Chris Sneed: Cool. And question, has your systems ever gone down for an extended period of time?
Christian Sheerer: No, not since I've been here. I've been here a couple months, but yeah, no, not since I've been here.
Chris Sneed: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Usually the only issue is like QuickBooks sometimes will go down, but then you can always hard sync into QuickBooks and refresh it. But that's the only thing that's come up for me. Somebody called me and they're like, Hey, my QuickBooks isn't syncing.
Chris Sneed: And we're like, oh, is this an issue on QuickBooks? And you know, we've had recently an issue with Square because that's what we're using for just credit card. Again, we don't have a lot of credit cards. That's why we're talking about three clients out of, you know, so when we've had an issue with the card not going through, even though it's the same, like, processing one, two, three times, and on the third time, I'll go through. And the first two, it didn't. And it's all the same information. Any issues on your end that way with. With. Well, I guess we wouldn't be inputting the information. They would be inputting information, so we wouldn't even see if that would be the case. So. Yeah, never mind. I guess that would be on line.
Christian Sheerer: No, and yeah, most of the issues are like, because they get triggered at a large transaction. Like, it's like, oh, you know, there's stuff going on, but we've built a lot of security and trust with the banks, I guess, and with the credit card processors that we can handle those, that those issues rarely ever come up. And if they do come up, it's usually because somebody tried to make a transaction that's above the amount. that they have in their bank account.
Chris Sneed: Got it. No, because we've also had issues with clients trying to transfer more money than their limits would allow. Exactly. Not that they didn't have the money, that their limit in their bank.
Christian Sheerer: Also, yeah. Yeah.
Chris Sneed: Okay. All right. Awesome. Well, send me this recording and then Again, I'll talk to him later today and we'll set the time. You said the schedule or the calendar invite for 11:30. Perfect.
Christian Sheerer: Oh, I didn't include you on it, but yes, I will send it. I'll send it now. Okay, cool. I'll send that over and then, yeah, give me a couple, like maybe one or two hours to just get all this stuff coordinated and sent over to you.
Chris Sneed: Perfect. Appreciate it.
Christian Sheerer: All right, Chris. Nice to see you.
Chris Sneed: Thank you. You too.
Christian Sheerer: Catch you soon.
Chris Sneed: Bye. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3538343.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153134Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
