---
title: Andrea Kladder and Christian Sheerer
date: '2025-10-06'
time: '20:31:35'
duration_sec: 902.13
duration_min: 15.0
participants:
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- Andrea Kladder <andrea@persevra.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 62
---

Christian Sheerer: I have a good attitude about it.
Andrea Kladder: Awesome. Well, thank you for being flexible today.
Christian Sheerer: Oh, yeah, thank you for. I mean, you. You were the flexible one, so I appreciate that.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah. Anyway, it's all good. I actually was having, like, weird problems with my camera, so it's good.
Christian Sheerer: I got that. Okay, cool. So serendipity.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Awesome. Well, I mean, I know you're bookkeeping. I think the best place to start would be kind of what you're handling in terms of clients, AR and ap. Whether you're just evaluating, kind of like a payment solution for just you billing your own clients and only that relationship, or if you're handling their AR and AP as well. And that's typically where I like to start. Kind of like what's your current payments process? What. What are the workflows surrounding it? If there's software that's, you know, handling it, repayment, post reconciliation, et cetera. And then I can give a little bit of a background on what nickel does. Sure. You know, a little bit just by being able to find us. And then we can get into the platform. It's very simple to understand. Sort of like foolproof. I know you signed up and so you might have some familiarity just from clicking around, but we can go a little bit deeper and chat through how it connects to how you guys currently or might do things in the future. Okay, that sounds great. Yeah.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah. Okay. So I am currently happy with how I'm doing my invoicing for my firm, but I. I have clients that are in. Have one bucket, which is like a biotech startup, and their needs are unique. But I am kind of like a little bit listening for something that would help. I do support their ap, but the bigger thing I'm looking at is that I have nonprofits that need a better, primarily AP and bill pay platform with like robust approvals and also kind of like good, like a less manual way for me, when people need reimbursements. So some of that stuff is all what I'm looking for for those nonprofit clients. And some of them also do not presently have electronic ways to receive payments and are kind of like actively looking at that. But they wouldn't be invoicing necessarily. Right.
Christian Sheerer: They would have, they would be.
Andrea Kladder: They would be more donor driven.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. And so they'd have.
Andrea Kladder: So I think I'd love to spend, if we can touch on that if we have time. But I'd love to spend more time on the, on the like AP side.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. Awesome. And what have you. What are they doing now for apart.
Andrea Kladder: So the Folks that I am currently working with. It's like we've got a bill approval process in QuickBooks which is kind of clunky and then like there's a few folks who are set up that we can kind of like do direct payments through QuickBooks and that. But a lot of it is just literally like using the bill plays platform from their bank. And I'm not thrilled about that because it's incre. Like it's just introducing too much liability to me. Right. So an integrated platform is going to be a lot better for me where like I can't push the pay button without the like approval workflow having done what it needs to do. Like those things are divorced from each other right now.
Christian Sheerer: Got you. And you're, you're having to, you have to log into each of their. Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Andrea Kladder: So the approval workflows log is living in QuickBooks. Right. So I'm like posting a bill there, it's getting approved as necessary and then I'm logging literally into their bank account.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah, yeah. So and then, and the deal is basically they are excited and ready to refer me to several other organizations. And I'm like, I want a system that can be the same across these organizations that I'm excited about and can recommend to them. So that's where I'm at.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Yeah. At a high level, I mean we're set up for arap, but with the way we interact with accountants is in this parent client company structure. I mean we don't have to translate it for you. Sometimes we will translate it for a company who has multiple business units and they're not an accountant client relationship. And so I say, hey, it's sort of like a parent company and child little company accounts within it that you just log into once as Andrea and then can maneuver between them. And so we store the information so you don't have to kind of like log into bank accounts, do the whole two factor thing every single time you have to do it. And then you can sit there and, and they can give you access to just get a payment up into a cliff and then they can take it over the cliff by approving it. So very simply I think we can accomplish that. And the reason I go into the whole translation business is because it's titled as for accountants on get nickel already. Right. And so you'll have your many clients that you can click up into. I say many, but they're just the smaller accounts embedded under that larger one.
Andrea Kladder: Right. Just the same way as there's an accountant. Prof. Like, I log into QuickBooks and I can see everybody and switch between everyone.
Christian Sheerer: Exactly. And each of them will have their own link up to the QuickBooks. They'll have their individual chart of accounts that you'll log in. I think in the initial setup, all you'll need to have in terms of like a variety of different logins is the, you know, or I guess you already have it in your accountants account in QuickBooks. So you're just, you know, clicking in the dropdown. Hey, for this client A and nickel, it's client A and QuickBooks client. Same thing. And then that'll all automatically sync. So if they have an open invoice. Sorry. Or an open bill to a vendor, those vendors and open bills will come through automatically and then you can just go ahead and send them up into approval.
Andrea Kladder: Oh, so it's, that's going both ways. Like, so if there were, when we linked them up, if there was an open invoice in our bill in, in QuickBooks, nickel's gonna pull it over.
Christian Sheerer: Exactly.
Andrea Kladder: Okay. So these, in the future, when we had a new bill, I would set it up in nickel and it would go.
Christian Sheerer: It is two way. It is two way. But I would, I would honestly recommend keeping it as your. Well, QuickBooks is always going to be a source of truth. Right. Because like final reconciliation is going to happen there. So I would, you might, you don't have to switch. It's very easy to set up new bills in nickel. You just kind of type in an absolute copy. This is my vendor. I'm paying them, you know, whatever. It's expensive coffee though. But I'm going to make the payment to them and I've stored their delivery method. If you know this is subject to change, then, you know, or I mean if, if you need to change it, you can change it. But I don't have their delivery method in here, so that's why it's giving me that red box. So I need to like set where I'm actually going to send that to. But if I've already had it in, it'll sync over and I can send them a bill right away. That's what these green icons are for.
Andrea Kladder: It'll come over from QuickBooks too. Like it'll pull over the ACH information or the addresses to send checks and all that.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, exactly. So basically two way sync. But I would, I, we always recommend, hey, you're just gonna, you're gonna create those bills and vendors and QuickBooks anyway. As soon as you create one in QuickBooks, it'll pop up into nickel. And then you can set up queues for payments that are awaiting approval and then go to approvals. And maybe I'm Christian and I'm the head of the client and I'm the one that's actually able to go in and hit approve and I can see all the, all the requests and set up a workflow that might be like, hey, anything below this amount, you know, Andrea can approve it. Anything above this amount. An administrator who I'll set up in my account settings as like one of my members administrator having the utmost access to be able to, you know, pick people off the platform, change bank account details, send payments. A manager might be able to send payments, but they can't manage members. And then an accountant might be able to see things and do whatever they are determined by the client to do.
Andrea Kladder: And in those approval, since we're talking about the approvals, so can that be. Can you pick people by category and by individual people by category, like administrator manager? Like, do you have that set up as like administrator needs to approve this? Could you be like, Matt has to approve it?
Christian Sheerer: I don't think so today. I think it will have to be by the category level rather than person Today. Primarily, who we're working with are kind of like small businesses who do large transactions who are like. It's like one or two people on the AP team. Right. Rather than like entire AP teams that are, you know, designated across three, four, five people. And so that's why like our workflow, a lot of our investment in the tech build has been on like the infrastructure of payments to handle large transactions. Like where $50,000 is like a small one for us. Right. And so, I mean, it's something that we're attentive to on the workflow side. It's just. Yeah, it would be my administrator manager today. Right.
Andrea Kladder: So like thinking through use cases, like for me in a. Just like a different, you know, which I have some really large transfers and also like, like $70 transfers to reimburse a volunteer for something. So it's kind of like the whole range.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. What is the. What is the range? And I guess I'm assuming the biotech company is on the higher end of the range when they're paying vend whatever material they need.
Andrea Kladder: I mean. Yeah, I mean like some of their, you know, that's ranging from like pipettes for the lab for like a few hundred bucks for another supply of it to. Yeah. Like thousands of dollars for equipment or chemicals or something. Yeah, the Nonprofit, in this case actually does have, like, higher payments sometimes, like, giving, like, sending out grants that are, you know, like tens of thousands of dollars. But also these, like, small things, too. But I'm also thinking about things like there's reimbursed. Like, so it might be that you all have built for a different primary use case. Because, like, when I ask about particular people, for example, I'm thinking of, like, the two folks who would be administrators, but one of the things they have to do is submit their, like, expense reports for reimbursement, but they can't approve their own. Yeah, like, the other one needs to approve it.
Christian Sheerer: And where do they submit those, like, expense reports today?
Andrea Kladder: Right now they send me an email with a spreadsheet and it gets put in, like, a bill to QuickBooks.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. We are not necessarily an expense management tool.
Andrea Kladder: Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, you guys just kind of like, existed. Like, when I'm looking for things, you get recommended along with folks who do have that capacity. But it might be that that's not like your.
Christian Sheerer: Which are those, like.
Andrea Kladder: Is the big one that gets recommended a lot?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I mean, we use RAMP for.
Andrea Kladder: Your expense management side of things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And this is more like large bill pay. Bill pay exclusively. So that's super helpful. Yeah, because, like, ramp offers some of that, right?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, it's like. Yeah, exactly. It's like how money moves between businesses primarily is what we're building around. Expense management for a project of, like, an industrial nature might be something that we build around. Right. That would be higher on our priority list than, like, employee expense management. Like a RAMP would do.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah, that's super.
Christian Sheerer: Oftentimes those are kind of built in or kind of, you know, attacked at the level of, like, here I have my stack for employee expense management. You'd think logically, right. Like, oh, you know, somebody should be able to kind of corral that all in one. But, like, it was kind of eye opening for me that it's like, you know, a lot of, you know, R D stuff on being able to do the large transactions that prevents you somewhat to prioritize the small employee expense management stuff.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's helpful. Okay. I think that the, like, primary thing I'm looking for right now is not Yalls bread and butter. So thank you so much.
Christian Sheerer: No, no worries. I mean, I would rather identify that.
Andrea Kladder: Early than a better sense of, like, when this would potentially be the right tool for.
Christian Sheerer: Sure. Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, and I will have your contact. So if, if anything, changes. I know I can flag it in my thing. Like, hey, this is what Andre.
Andrea Kladder: We decided to build this out.
Christian Sheerer: Exactly. Yeah. And then we'll, you know, we'll pepper you with some emails. Yeah. Hit unsubscribe. But yeah, and I'll call you as well. And so, you know, I'm glad we identified that earlier than later. And then rabbit. Going down the rabbit hole. And then we find at the end of the rabbit hole, it's like, you know, we needed it for employee expense management.
Andrea Kladder: Awesome. Cool. Thank you so much. Have a great day.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, no problem. Good luck. I mean, I think Ramp's great, honestly.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah, you got. You're really happy using Ramp for.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah. As an employee. It's really cool.
Andrea Kladder: Yeah. Yeah. Great.
Christian Sheerer: Good.
Andrea Kladder: Okay. I had a demo with them last week, so I just want to make sure I've unturned my stones. Cool, Cool. Take care. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4212760.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153140Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
