---
title: VIP + Nickel | Reconnect and Pricing
date: '2025-09-04'
time: '18:01:51'
duration_sec: 1500.06
duration_min: 25.0
participants:
- Ray Fu <ray@getnickel.com>
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- Michael Battis <mbattis@vipsoftware.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 67
---

Christian Sheerer: What's up Michael?
Michael Battis: How are you?
Christian Sheerer: How was your week?
Michael Battis: I don't think... Can you guys hear me?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, can you hear me?
Michael Battis: I cannot hear you.
Christian Sheerer: What about now?
Michael Battis: I can hear Ray.
Christian Sheerer: Can you hear me, Ray?
Michael Battis: Can't hear Christian. Brutal.
Christian Sheerer: Maybe I'll leave and come back. Hopefully it doesn't kick you all out.
Michael Battis: Can you hear Christian, Ray? Yeah, you can.
Christian Sheerer: What about now?
Michael Battis: Oh, there we go. That was very strange. I could hear Ray, but I couldn't hear you when you were speaking, so. Apologies, guys.
Christian Sheerer: No worries.
Michael Battis: Yeah, sorry for the, you know, last minute change up yesterday. It was just one of those fires that unfortunately I was dragged into. So appreciate you guys flexibility. I think we were going to talk about kind of, you know, just kind of put a pin in this one way or the other of you guys. We're going to look at some numbers just based off some of the volume that we talked about last call. Is that right? And to see if this makes sense for you guys, if it makes sense for us.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, exactly. So I think we have a pretty clear direction that we want to go in as our team, both on what the implementation lift looks like, as well as based on that, what the unit economics on a transaction basis would look like and what would be sort of justified on our end. The thing that I kind of want to get clear though at the beginning to the level set is, are you guys thinking of this as something with a must happen project with specific revenue targets? I know that they were estimated on your end based on what you had perceived as the amount of transactions that could go through to 1099. Or is this more about just adding a new revenue stream where any sort of profit above the costs is beneficial?
Michael Battis: Well, you mentioned revenue and profit there. So from a revenue- yeah, yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Go ahead.
Michael Battis: Yeah, so from a revenue target perspective, we're doing 2026 planning right now. So we're building out models of what we, based off of when we would get this implemented and what we already have committed from current customers. And then of course, once we have a partner, Our marketing team is going to flood at first our ecosystem because those are the lowest barriers to entry, but also of course to the industry of what we're coming to market with. So we can start preparing and better understanding what it would look like in the first six months, 12 months, but we already have immediate customers that.
Christian Sheerer: Are.
Michael Battis: Ready to move forward with VIP once we have that solution in place.
Christian Sheerer: And those, I don't have the limited.
Michael Battis: Revenue numbers yet because we're just starting to model that stuff out.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. So sort of in between, right? Like, right, it's not like you have this specific target that this needs to get to, but ultimately you would want to model those out in a way that makes sense for you. And then this is sort of about adding to the general suite of VIP in a way.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah, I mean it's another skew for us to sell, but it's a skew that is in high demand. But of course, people need to be able to see that we have it. We need to be able to know who we're partnering with, have it on the roadmap. Okay, we're going to have this done in 90 days, six months, whatever that may be. But I have this as a weekly conversation with my CTO. Of where we're at from the business side of finding a partner. So then I could bring him in to have conversations and ask any additional technical questions that he has. But our philosophy here is, hey, make sure the business is getting their needs met first, and then we'll do our tech side to make sure we have everything that we need and understand the landscape and what this could look like, the different options. With the partner. And then from there, that allows us to, of course, put together project size and figure out, okay, we're going to start this in January. It's going to take us three months or six months, whatever that timeline is. At that time, we have X number of customers that are already ready to onboard, call it the first probably three customers that we'd start with as of right now, where we've been using them.
Christian Sheerer: As.
Michael Battis: We've been leaning into them to better understand, okay, what's their process look like today? What are their costs look like? What's the MVP look like of what they would need in order to move forward in payments with VIP? And that's kind of, you know, those initial requirements are what we've discussed, right? That's kind of the bare bones of what we're looking for.
Christian Sheerer: Cool, cool. And then those three are the ones that are giving you that range of transactions per month estimate of like the 25,000 up to the 100,000 in the surge.
Michael Battis: Yes.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, awesome. Okay. Yeah, I think we can get into the weeds of like the CTO to CTO discussion. I think the general thrust is like we've done some projection of what the lift on our side would be. And like from that came to. A. $1.20 per ACH transaction kind of costing with a minimum of 50,000 transactions on the month. So I've sort of modeled out what that looks like based on different amounts of transactions per month from y'all or through y'all. But with the framing that this is sort of kind of flipping, even though we're still going to be, like we talked about with Ray last week, interacting. With. Their banking as the end user, but doing so in a way that doesn't force them to have to think of this as plus VIP software, but built in to VIP software with Nickel. Supporting that on the back end.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. That makes sense. And I, and I get that. I mean, regulations and compliance are regulations and compliance. I mean, you know, that nothing we can do about that. But, yes, that so far aligns with kind of where we left off last week.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And so I guess I just wanted to get your quick thoughts on that. Like, I have some game planning. The math is really simple. It's like 40 margins if you're charging them two dollars per transaction, which is probably 33. I mean, the pitch to them would be that 33% discount based on like the low end benchmark of three per transaction that you gave us.
Michael Battis: And how does that scale? So, you know, as we scale up, like what does that look like from a pricing perspective? Have you guys dug into that? Because, I mean, we could take this from 50 to, you know, 250,000 if it goes according to plan in a matter of six to 12 months. In a given month.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, my perspective is that.
Michael Battis: We were.
Christian Sheerer: Sort of unsure at the level of surety on your end that that would get above that 100,000 mark on the high end of the range that you gave us last week.
Michael Battis: Yeah, but I mean, with that, I guess what I'm asking is, okay.
Christian Sheerer: It.
Michael Battis: Takes us six months, 12 months, we get to that 100,000. As we scale that, is there tiered pricing as we continue to process more volume through you guys, more payments? What does that look like? Because we're going to have to, I already know my CFO is going to ask, okay, you guys go and scale this, you go sell it to the first five and we're doing 50 to 100,000 and now you sell it to five more, we're doing 100 to 200. These are pretty easy sales for us. It's just, of course, Nobody's in, we have a few people that have committed to us, but once we actually have something, we can show them and they're all, I mean, Ray, you know, from the insurance side, you know, these service providers are all hand to mouth. So anytime you're going to save them 10 plus percent, you know, or more, they're like, okay, we'll switch as long as it's not going to cripple their operation. So that's kind of what I'm getting at is what does this look like as we scale it? I don't need an answer right now, but I just want that to be something that you guys maybe consider or that you guys to discuss. Again, we process 100,000 claims a month, but that's 100,000 invoices between the vendor to the carrier. But we're talking, of course, between the vendor, the service provider, and their folks. Which are multiple transactions per month. So, as I mentioned, there could be one, two, three, four people that get paid on one claim. So if you average it out to say there's two and there's 100,000 invoices, they're processing payroll twice, that's 400,000 invoice, 400,000 payments in a given month that this could be.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. At the risk of putting my foot in my mouth, in front of my CEO slash CRO and founder. I think that's something that we are willing to evaluate. I think I just repeat the same thing at the beginning of my answer to that question in general, which is we wanted to test out the surety that you would even be able to hit that 50,000 transaction minimum. Then based on that, I think that there are technical weeds that we would need to get into on the API side, like the general thrust from our tech team was like, yes, this is possible. This is sort of a divergence from what is typical.
Michael Battis: And.
Christian Sheerer: I think there's an operational effort apart from just like the tech is probably the easiest part. It's actually just making sure that the service is baked into VIP software while still maintaining the regulatory kind of connection that we have to the end merchant that we'll have to figure out. Which. Would then, so there's those weeds that we kind of need to knock out. And then there's also those other weeds about like what a renewal on, I mean, I was thinking of this as sort of like, you know, think of it as like a 12-month situation where we have that 50,000 minimum on the 12 months. And then if we have to do it on sort of a quarterly basis, if that scale happens a lot quicker, than you imagine or imagined in this initial conversation, evaluate what scaling beyond the 100,000 projection that you have looks like in terms of the unit cost on the 120, then I think, I mean, we would be open to getting creative around that. I honestly didn't do the work of. Like. Investigating what we would do past that 100,000 point because I was taking 100,000 as like a high end of the range.
Michael Battis: Sure.
Christian Sheerer: And so wanted to kind of like, you know, gauge that possibility on your guys' side.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah. No, that's fair. I mean, we'll, we will, we can look at it as, you know, for, there's the business side where, hey, I get it, let's look at it from a 12 months perspective. Let's see how things go in the first 12 months. From a technical side, it's okay, you know, we're going to want to find a partner. And I'm not saying you guys wouldn't be long term, but we're going to want to find a partner that we go through this lift that we work with them beyond one year.
Christian Sheerer: Oh, absolutely. Two, three. Yeah, I'm bringing up the year. Or. What have you as like a placeholder for that time in which we would evaluate the level of scale that's like occurred in the initial kind of run of the unit economics on like the 120 per transaction.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah. And as long as, you know, we get to that point, we could put some type of language in a partnership agreement that says, look, all right, eight months into this, we've got to evaluate it because there's greater scale than we thought, both of us, right? Of course, that's a different conversation because everybody's winning in that scenario. There's more payments that are processing for you guys and there's more payments for processing for us. But that makes sense. I get that of where you landed on that 50,000 in the middle of what we initially discussed. Can you like put, it doesn't need to be formal, but just put something to, you know, through email to kind of share that with us so I can share it with, you know, our, my CTO and discuss it with my CEO. As I mentioned, there's a few companies, so I'm not looking at this as a formal proposal, but it sounds like that's your number, so I at least need something to look at from. A unit economics perspective to be able to compare that. And then we're going to, you know, schedule time for technical conversations with, you know, the few companies that we're looking at.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Yeah. In terms of, like, the extra language on that month eight as the example that you pointed out, I think that's what I would rely on Ray for. It's a pay grade situation. Yeah. But. In terms of a semi-formal, not black tie tux, but semi-formal kind of proposal, we can put that together. I think we're also thinking of kind of an upfront $5,000 implementation fee for that initial legwork of moving all this stuff in. I think, I mean, I kind of would pose this question to Ray. About. It sounds like three months is your ambitious Target to get something set up, like 90 days.
Michael Battis: I mean, yes, that is from the time of where requirements, you know, are, are figured out. And, you know, we have both requirements and workflow, you know, from an actual technical development perspective. We move very fast, but that's, you know, that's sales and business side speaking, but 90 days. 90 days from face value, what I know, of course, when we have a technical conversation, our CTO say, okay, it's going to be 60 days, it's going to be 120, it's going to be 180. That's the part where I'm speaking.
Christian Sheerer: Out.
Michael Battis: Of my lane of what I can really be definitive on, what that timeline would be. Okay, cool. Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: That was why I said, Hey Ray, that's a question I would pose to you about whether or not we could meet that. But yeah, we'll take that as the midpoint as well. When we go back to our team, we kind of phrase it as something that we'd have to do over 90 days, but as a midpoint, right? Which we'll probably go in there, we might get some, hey, this is not gonna, this is gonna be 87 days.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But for right now, if you could, From a semi formal perspective, as we've been kind of using that term, whatever those costs are, I know you mentioned like 5,000 implementation, whatever the costs are, please put that all together so I know what that looks like. So there's nothing hidden later on. If, hey, VIP, Nickel, partner, it's again, it's semi formal. It's not our definitive agreement right now, but as close as possible, 50,000, at 120 per transaction or per payment, 5,000 implementation, just whatever else there may be, please include that.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, absolutely. I'll just make a bullet pointed list. Do I need to get as specific as like what we're or is it sort of generally understood what we're promising in terms of like a unique uplift on our end?
Michael Battis: No, just general general pricing terms. I think we'll get some more of the formal side afterwards. I mean, that's from the business perspective. It's so for what to give you a little bit more detail, like I was to ask finding companies meet the business needs based off of what my conversation have been with our customers, getting high level pricing information, being able to review that internally. Hey, we're going to talk to, you know, these two or three companies further. Then bring in our CTO to have conversations. And then from there, you know, business gets back involved to, of course, formalize something from a legalities perspective.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Considering we're still on the call, it doesn't sound like we're like too far.
Michael Battis: Off on the high level. No, not at all.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool.
Michael Battis: Yeah, we're not a massive company that runs elaborate AIG, RFP process, RFQ process, right? RFI process. So for us, we move quick because we're small. That's the beauty, as you guys know, I don't know how big you guys fully are, but nonetheless, that's the beauty of being a smaller company where you can move a lot faster. We don't like to let process get in front of progress too much. Of course, we have to follow by the unfortunate SOC 2 guidelines, but we don't let process get in the way.
Christian Sheerer: It's too much. Yeah, I mean more so on the sentiment of that initial pricing. It seems like it sounds good. Cool. I'll put that together. Do you mind sharing? Just because I have to ask. This has been ingrained into me from all the management that I've had. Who else you're looking at?
Michael Battis: Yeah, I don't mind. It's bill.com.
Christian Sheerer: And.
Michael Battis: One ink.
Christian Sheerer: One ink.
Michael Battis: They're very big in the PNC space.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I haven't heard of them. Okay, cool. To my understanding, build.com doesn't offer an API. Are they willing to do something cost-computing as well? Just curious.
Michael Battis: Yeah, I have an API call with them on Monday with the APIs team. Digging into that a bit more to understand to what extent they're able to go through the API piece, but we're one step behind with them from where we were with you. I'm essentially having the call that we had last week with them on Monday.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Sounds good. Then relative to OneInc?
Michael Battis: OneInc is already a partner of ours. They don't dabble in the service provider side. But we're already, you know, we already have an integration there. But again, if they're there right now, I mean, either $250 million ACH business, you know, they focus a lot on the carrier side, carrier vendor relationship. So, you know, of course, naturally we went to them because there's referrals that happen between both companies. And they're looking in to see if they can meet the timelines of what we want to do of kicking something off in Q1. There we go.
Christian Sheerer: So we have a Q1 goal. Yeah.
Michael Battis: Didn't I say January that we were trying to kick this off? No, you did.
Christian Sheerer: But that's, that's, that's, that's, that's the, what we're gonna put to the tech.
Michael Battis: Team, and then they're gonna be like, oh, it's 104.
Christian Sheerer: It's 104 days, not 90 or whatever. No, no, no, you did. You did. But. Okay, so it sounds like they're maybe. We're sort of in the middle. There. Might be a step across where we're at right now with one.
Michael Battis: Yeah, I mean, they are from a integration perspective, but there's still different. There's additional API work that have to happen for more of the workflow between the service provider and the 1099 management. But that's really, I mean, you know, we're having conversations with all three companies, you know, actively as you guys see right here and have meetings next week with them.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, awesome. Yeah. So yeah, let me get this over to you today. And. Provided that looks good, you think we're in a good spot to just spin up the pricing step into CTO to CTO step or more API specific workflow stuff?
Michael Battis: Once I have those meetings next week, we will be so we're not ready to have anything on the calendar just yet.
Christian Sheerer: Okay.
Michael Battis: We need to kind of have our internal review, look at everything that's on the table, and then we'll be scheduling those more technical conversations and digging into, you know, the cost, the proposals that are on the table from a cost perspective, and could also have conversations in parallel of that and starting to go more towards formal proposal slash legal side of things probably in the next, by the end of this month, we'll be doing that.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool.
Michael Battis: That allows us to have, I mean, our goal is to have a partner identified before Thanksgiving because as we know, the holidays pose their own issues of trying to get people aligned with vacations and time off.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I got you.
Michael Battis: Hey, look, I'm in sales. I'm trying to give you as much info as I can. No, no, no. This is beautiful.
Christian Sheerer: No, I'm, I'm, I love it. So we're looking at sort of like week of the 18th only because I can't do the math on figuring out what was Monday. That was the first week of the 15th coming back. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, so when I send that over, if you have conversations about it and any feedback on initial pricing, I hate to say don't hesitate because who am I to tell you to hesitate or not or feel free to send me any, I tried to take that out of my language, but then it just popped up into my head. But don't hesitate to send me any kind of like feedback on on that initial pricing proposal and how it stacks up on the bill and the winning side. And then hopefully on the 15th week of, we can progress that forward into more technical in the weeds stuff.
Michael Battis: Yeah, that sounds good. I appreciate it, guys. Yeah, it was helpful.
Christian Sheerer: Awesome. Well, yeah, let me make a semi-formal Google Doc with three bullet points and then I'll send that over.
Michael Battis: You know how it is, just having it on paper.
Christian Sheerer: I'll send you a picture of my notebook.
Michael Battis: There you go.
Christian Sheerer: There you go. Awesome.
Michael Battis: I appreciate you guys and the time and kind of digging into that. And we'll probably be some more questions that I mentioned. You know, I haven't even put this in front of our CFO, so you know how CFOs work.
Christian Sheerer: There's paralysis by analysis. Yeah. Got you. Okay. Yeah, no, we're ready for it and.
Michael Battis: We'Re excited about it.
Christian Sheerer: I think this is like a cool thing that we figured out might be, you know, a way to expand the scope of how we think about things, which has been super helpful for me personally, but also I think writ large across the business.
Michael Battis: Awesome. All right, guys. Cool. Appreciate the time. Speak soon. Bye-bye.
Christian Sheerer: We'll see you.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3677628.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153141Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
