---
title: Yoshioka Jones and Christian Sheerer
date: '2025-08-06'
time: '15:01:30'
duration_sec: 2282.99
duration_min: 38.0
participants:
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- null <savannah@archadeck.net>
- Yoshi <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 71
---

Christian Sheerer: Sorry, I had my headphones turned way down. Right. How are you? Good.
Yoshi: How are you doing today?
Christian Sheerer: Doing well, staying busy, but that's okay. I can't complain about that. It's better than sitting around and doing nothing.
Yoshi: Yeah, I think it can be good sometimes.
Christian Sheerer: Sometimes, right? I know you guys have been busy. We've spoken to a couple of people from Archideck and you guys just got, were you at the retreat?
Yoshi: I was, I was. So that's where I heard about you guys.
Christian Sheerer: Oh, yeah. Tell me about that. I guess that was sort of going to be my first question.
Yoshi: So we had our mid-year meeting for Archdec franchisees, and they did kind of a new element. So some of the more seasoned franchisees did this panel of things I wish I'd known, and they kind of, you know, got up and gave best and practices. And so one of them, Ryan Poppy, I don't remember his location, but he just suggested, you know, having the ability to take electronic payments. And he found that Nickel, you know, he's been through, you know, QuickBooks and different options. And he just found that Nickel was a great option. So he suggested that we look into that. amongst the many other suggestions that people gave, but Nicole was mentioned. And so I've been on the hunt for a ECH processing platform. So that brings me to this call today.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Yeah. I mean, sure you didn't hear that. And you were like, oh, and now I immediately want to talk to a salesperson. So I guess what's under the hood there and like, I guess what about what you think about in your current processes? Because that's like where I typically start. What about those made you think, okay, cool, this is something that I should learn more about based on the similar things that Ryan might have identified have helped him?
Yoshi: Well, I know we're a newer location, so we're still setting up our systems and processes. And so initially we were just paper checks and that is not the most efficient for some people, especially being in Savannah, Georgia, where we have a lot of vacation homeowners or secondary homeowners that live out of the state. So, you know, getting a check in the mail or a paper check in general, I pretty quickly, you know, decided that that wasn't the most efficient solution. So I've tried out a few different banks and gotten like their business accounts that have the ACH features. And it's just not, you know, I use local smaller banks. They're not as tech forward. So their processes are really clunky, really slow, even for ACH payments. So I currently have a local bank where I have an account where I can process ACH payments, but it's just so drawn out, super clunky, lots of tech issues, lots of calls in for tech support. So I'm looking for an alternative to really stream, you know, be more efficient with that. I pretty much only want to do ACH payments. I don't want to do credit cards right now. So really just the ability to, you know, send the request for an ACH payment and have them process and have a platform to process it for the deposits and all subsequent payments for a project.
Christian Sheerer: And, and those are usually, I know I spoke to one in, I think he was in Virginia. So we know Ryan in Indianapolis, we know Michael, somebody in Virginia, and he mentioned to me that there are four types of payments. It's usually split up into four payments. Is that correct? Is that true for everybody?
Yoshi: For the most part, we can, I, yes, there's typically four payments. So the deposit, a preconstruction once the project is built, and then a final walkthrough. However, depending on the size of the project, and especially for my area, if it's in a historic district, I'll do five payments, which is like a deposit to start the process, and then once it's approved from the Historic Society or if it's permitting, then another payment. So it kind of just depends on the overall project price and the difficulties, I guess, challenges within the project. So four to five payments.
Christian Sheerer: And that, and so that's super helpful, honestly, just because like part of what we like to track and what I think Ryan, he might have communicated this, and then when we got back together with him after a couple of months of him using nickel is like the shrinking of the time it just takes to like reconcile on each of those steps, right? Cause each of them is a unique payment, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yoshi: Cool.
Christian Sheerer: And so there's, and so I appreciate you walking me through that. So it's, let me just make sure I have that right. It's deposit pre-construction built and then final walk through.
Yoshi: Yes.
Christian Sheerer: And then the, if it's a, in a historic site in Savannah, which is like, I would, I'm from Florida and I went to school in North Carolina, so we'd always drive when my parents wanted to drop me off and we'd always drive in Savannah. So I know I can envision like where you have to be like, oh wait, this is too beautiful. Let's make sure we're not screwing it up. And so the historic site bit would happen in between deposit and pre-construction.
Yoshi: Yeah, so essentially once like the city permitting is approved, the historic society has gotten involved and is approved. Once we kind of get through those humps, then we'll get essential pre-construction, the rest of the pre, you know, the pre-construction deposit or so. And, you know, depending on the, the scope or how many approvals I need within the municipality. So five at most payments. What school did you go to in North Carolina?
Christian Sheerer: I went to Duke. Okay.
Yoshi: My husband went to NC State, so we have a whole man cave of wolf pack stuff in here.
Christian Sheerer: My friend, my friend, I have a lot of friends who're from North Carolina, obviously. He's like, you know, Duke pulls a lot of, a lot of kids from North Carolina and, yeah, all his friends went to NC State.
Yoshi: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Which was good because that's like a little bit less of a bloody rivalry than Chapel Hill. Yeah.
Yoshi: When we first moved in together, I had a, I'm from California, but I had a, Chapel Hill t-shirt when we moved in together, he was like, oh, no, you cannot move in here with me with that shirt. I was like, okay, didn't know this.
Christian Sheerer: And, and then so from, so, okay, so you started out taking paper checks on each of these, right? Just when was the, when was the, when did you get into this franchise?
Yoshi: So we officially launched the end of February, early March. Oh, of 2025.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah.
Yoshi: Oh, cool. Congrats. Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Awesome. Thank you. Yeah. You're gonna be ahead of the curve then because, like, you know, you know, people like Ryan have been doing it for a couple years, and then they're like, oh, I found nickel. Like, you're gonna. You're gonna zoom past them because you can. Yeah. Minimize that time. Okay, cool. And then. So then you started out with checks initially, right? Just because that's, you've been on like, your bank. the most Do intuitive you know one, and then. how long, like what time frame it took to kind of get those payments back on the check side? Sort of trying to think through like, because our turnaround time on the ACH, one to two days, right? So like, I'm just trying to kind of paint the picture of a baseline of where you guys are into how much time you would save using nickel.
Yoshi: So with the checks, it could be for a newer, a first time client, I would say three, you know, five days on the longer side, maybe three days. And then for the ach payments through the bank, when I can get it to work and when I can process it, it's. It's typically one to two days. It's just navigating the technical issues can.
Christian Sheerer: Be like, oh, it's just really like, it's just a. yeah, there's just technical, if they're just not invested in making the platform usable, do you think? Or is it something about the size of the transaction? I guess just walk me through like what you think is like clunky about it.
Yoshi: I think it's just a little antiquated, but again, you know, I've only processed ACH payments more on a, I guess a corporate side, you know, and so this is a little clunky and it's.
Christian Sheerer: Like.
Yoshi: You know, log into this website, then I go into my phone and get a key, a password key, then I put it in, then I go through the process, then it asks for a different key and then a different password. But there's just like multi, which is, you know, understandable, I guess multiple layers of verification and security, but it gets hung up somewhere. And so then I'll get locked out of the account or because really it's just me running the business. It's just me. So I'm the bookkeeper, the marketing, I'm everywhere, every hat. And so really for their system, you need two points of verification. So there really should be a secondary person or email. And since I don't have that, It gets confused, but you know, by the part way into it's like, wait a minute, what's going on? So then I get locked out of the system because there's no background verification. So then I have to call them in and reset stuff. And they have to literally stay on the phone with me for every transaction batch that I process.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, mess. And do, which is again, like you're saying it correctly, it's sort of understandable, right? Like you don't want anybody to just be able to process payments. really quick. So we batch sort of that verification up front so that we have bank account details. And then when you go in and you run payments, like you can just have like an account routing number from your vendor or from your customer that you can send out directly to so that we can just do the verification up front for the first time and then we'll remember it on our end so we don't have to let you go through like we use Stripe for some small payments. It's funny, like, you know, we're a payments infrastructure, and we have to use Stripe for some of these small things that are tied to software because we're paying other software vendors for Zoom or whatever, right? And they only accept it through Stripe. And we'll do like a $20,000 transaction. And our founder, he wears a lot of hats too, ran into the same exact issues. He's like, oh, I have to, you know, then get my phone out and I have to log into my bank account and I have the multifactor verification, not just on I put on my bank account too. And so there's like all of these different layers. Do your customers have to go through the same verification process when they're sending you an ACH? No.
Yoshi: So I just essentially, you know, drafted a ACH document. I created a document and I send that to them via like a DocuSign Dropbox platform. They fill out their information. I sign it, I receive it, and so I have a paper copy that I then process. So that's one.
Christian Sheerer: Question. Oh, I lost you a little bit.
Yoshi: You broke up a little bit. Can you hear me?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I can hear you. I lost you at. that's one, you describe the DocuSign process and then you get the paper and then you process it yourself. I lost you just then.
Yoshi: So saying that's one of my questions for you is like, what is your process on the, from the administrative side, but also on the client side?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, super simple. And then this also, so I'll show you the administrative side. And most people can get set up within a day. Like I've worked in software for quite a long time and I've sold software that's like, Hey, you know, we have a full implementation team that helps you get set up and you have to like, we really have to coach you through the process and ultimately it becomes easy to use, but you know, there's like a lot of, you know, coaching at the beginning with a nickel. One of the easy, one of the, you know, most attractive parts of why I joined the business is because like, I can really spend on a 30 minute call half of it talking through what all it is you are going to use on the platform and then show it to you very quickly and then you guys can kind of like play around with it and it's super easy to get it set up. Long winded way to say to get set up, you could start processing a transaction today, right? Okay. And then on the customer side. You. Can offer kind of like the full suite of types of payments on online processing. You could send, you know, a vendor a check if you wanted to. But you could offer also credit card so that they're able to just pay with credit card. So it just gives them the full amount of flexibility. And then if you don't want to pay that 3% or 2.9% fee, you can split it up so that it's passed on to them without you have to up charging on your actual bill amount. And because we're processing the payment, we can make that completely secure so that that surcharge isn't like, you know, subject to any compliance issues because like we're technically processing the payment. So that's another thing. Like I'm just curious like why you just want to keep it ACH for now?
Yoshi: Just because I'm fairly new, but when I was in training, there was a franchisee that had accepted the deposit.
Christian Sheerer: For.
Yoshi: A project and essentially every payment after that with an American Express. And once the project was finished, the homeowner disputed it and American Express refunded the homeowner the money, and which basically, you know, caused the franchisee to have to go through litigation to get the rest of the money. And so just me being newer and they were an established location. I just don't want to get into the logistics of that at the moment and take that type of a hit and have to go through litigation. I've had to do that before in multifamily housing. I just right now, you know, just opening our location. I don't want to do that.
Christian Sheerer: No, I heard you.
Yoshi: You know, American Express. I have one. I love their customer service side, but from a business, you know, Exactly, right.
Christian Sheerer: Like they're so good at customer service, it might screw the businesses sometimes. Yeah. And the nice thing too is because sort of what you're going to be doing is like offloading the payment, the responsibility of payments moving across to Nickel. Yeah. Right. That's like what a payments infrastructure, I call it a payments operating system. A lot of people in the construction space because we were built for industrial small businesses, like our founders recognized there was no payment system built to handle larger than $25,000 transactions. And in this space, that's a tiny transaction.
Yoshi: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Like a small one might be 500k. And so they're like, oh, okay, if we can figure out this problem and build a really lightweight solution on top, but it goes very deep in terms of handling the payments, then we can help out a lot of people not have to deal with checks. Like Ryan was talking about how he drove around with checks in the car. And I'm hearing you having to, also not even using checks, but print out the DocuSign process and then manually upload it into your system. That's also a way that we solve for the chargeback stuff too, is because we're handling the payment. A chargeback is something that we have to take into account on our end. Oftentimes, you can rest assured and give the total options of credit, ACH, et cetera. You can just use this for ACH if you wanted to, but you Giving the customers that opportunity and sort of we have to take on the responsibility of making sure that the payment gets across. In terms of getting paid, this is like the most simple, which is like, I would say, right, the immediate way that we're going to be able to help people out on the AR side is like, when we request a payment, it'll create this secure payment link, right? So forget about a check, forget about like, you know, having to create that DocuSign. And if you wanted to continue to use your same process, I would just copy this, put that on the DocuSign, and I'll send it to me or you can send it to a phone number, and I'll show you what it looks like on the receiving end.
Yoshi: Really quickly, too. So you had mentioned that there's only kind of like a one-time verification. So is that when we initially set up the client or is that when we initially set up our account?
Christian Sheerer: When you guys said, I was more, yeah, I was talking about on you guys, right? So like we can connect to your bank account, like you'll set that up and you'll go through the process of connecting your bank account when you sign in and you do your first transaction.
Yoshi: And then that's kind of the one-time verification that we would do.
Christian Sheerer: Perfect.
Yoshi: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah. And then if you change your account, right? Yeah. You know. Yeah. And so, I have. So I sent to retract back on where we were. I sent that payment link, and then I got it to myself. Right. And I can go in and I know for which bill, and you can be more descriptive in your notes about it. Right. And the due date and what the payment amount is. And I can pay by bank completely free ACH. And then this allows for kind of smaller or, sorry, not smaller, but. lower level people in the company on your, you know, admin customer side, right? Yeah. Because they might not have full access to the bank account, but they have the account routing number 'cause they're like a bookkeeper or something, right? And they just put that bank routing number, bank account number, business address, and then they pay that out that way, or they can pay by card if you want, or if they want, sorry.
Yoshi: So when you were mentioning rolling over the credit card fees is essentially is where it would be notated here. So like letting them know that if we, if they decide to pay with credit card, that's the fee.
Christian Sheerer: Yep. Exactly. It's at 2.99 on top of the, on top of the 100.
Yoshi: Okay. And with credit cards, like the situation that I explained.
Christian Sheerer: This.
Yoshi: Nickel and this platform isn't protected from those situations. Like it could still happen or.
Christian Sheerer: You.
Yoshi: Know, in terms of a chargeback or in terms of a dispute on a credit card.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, the chargeback on the card we will be liable for because we're handling the transaction.
Yoshi: Got it.
Christian Sheerer: So that's sort of like we give you, so it's, it accomplishes two things and On the positive side, right? One, it protects you, right? Because now we're liable for it. And like, you know, if the chargeback happens, like that's sort of why we've invested a lot of developer time into thinking through how we make this the cleanest. So because we want to take that risk from our customers and put it onto our shoulders. But the positive side is like, now it also allows you to, 'cause some states have different surcharging laws where you can't really like pass on that fee. But because we're handling that process, Then you can move it over to us sort of being the ones that are paying that out or paying the fee, and then the customer is paying us, and then it's routing into your account automatically.
Yoshi: You got it, okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, so those are the, that's like an extra reason why on top of the chargeback, like we'll figure it out.
Yoshi: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Mm-.
Yoshi: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: But yeah, I mean, and then the other side too is like for the time being, right? If you're just ACH, the only reason I even bring it up is just because we notice people like giving their customers that flexibility. If we make it super simple, our motto is we want to turn your payment system into a cash flow advantage for you and make it foolproof for your customers to pay you, right? They go into one place. They have that secure payment link for that invoice. Boom, paid out. All right, now they don't have to worry about it. They have the full suite of options to go through. Yeah. Yeah. And so then for those ACHs, it's going to be no fees on the ACH.
Yoshi: Okay, nice.
Christian Sheerer: And then you could also, if you wanted to set up at the beginning, maybe in that first go around and that deposit, so that you don't have to recurrently do this every single time up to you. You could set up and send them a payment authorization form so that, you know, you really minimize the time you have to take to collect. They signed the payment authorization form and you have their payment method on file. And then you're charging them for pre-construction and then built and then the final walk through when those are completed. Right.
Yoshi: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: And so that's just another option. That would just be another setup at the beginning that you'd have to do, right? Just like send them that payment authorization form. So you have, all of these customers, and then maybe you have a scheduled invoice. That's another way to do it, right?
Yoshi: Okay. So I would schedule and just say August 6th, you submit this payment, and then August 11th, they submit another payment. So they would get an email saying, your next scheduled payment is due on August 11th, essentially.
Christian Sheerer: Okay.
Yoshi: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And, and you can also store your customers so that you don't have to re-go through that initial link building process, like, completely started over, I guess. Right. Because, like, I have, you know, I have house one that I'm working on in Savannah, house two that I'm working on. Right. And I just create an invoice directly from that one and say, you know, here's the purpose. blah, blah, blah. And then once I'm, once I fill in all these amounts, it'll create that link again.
Yoshi: Got it. Okay. Okay. That's awesome. Really streamlined and easy.
Christian Sheerer: And you guys use the same bank process to pay your own, your vendors?
Yoshi: The vendors, because I use just sub subcontractors. I use some, number and paper yards. I'll usually just do really however this prefers to be paid. Some of them prefer Zelle, some of them prefer a paper check. But for the primary master carpenter that I use, we're still trying to figure out the payment system. He uses QuickBooks. I don't use QuickBooks for payment, so this might be a nice solution to that.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, in any way that, again, if you have their, let me see if I have some vendors in here. Actually, I'm just going to do one. I'm in a demo account, but sometimes I use our real account. I'm like, oh. Yeah. If you have their, yeah, exactly. You can send a check if they want to keep the check. I just, it's $2 to send a check because we're using paper. Or you can have, you know, your bank account, ACH for free, 2.9% to send out on credit cards. So if you want to start using credit card too, you can do that too. And then we'll send into their account routing number, right? Because like we'll know, and they'll have that receipt.
Yoshi: So the payment options or the delivery methods for them are paper check and ACH.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And yeah, card, which translates to ACH, right? Yeah.
Yoshi: Yeah, okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, so I mean, ultimately the goal is, right, we have one place where you go in, you make payments to vendors and you receive payments from your customers, right?
Yoshi: Super simple.
Christian Sheerer: I'm curious, do you guys, what, so you don't use QuickBooks for payments? Do you use them for, and I'm saying you guys, like it's not just you, but do you use them for European accounting stuff?
Yoshi: Yeah, so we use QuickBooks for every other, or I use QuickBooks for every other, you know, all of our bookkeeping, but not the payroll related stuff.
Christian Sheerer: And what do you use? Is that QuickBooks Online? Yeah. Okay. Another thing to mention, just so you have it in the back of your mind, but it's so intuitive when you get into it, is you can just link up your QuickBooks Online to Nickel directly. Right. And so if an invoice gets created in QuickBooks Online, it'll automatically sync. If you create an invoice in Nickel, it'll automatically sync into QuickBooks Online. So it goes back and forth. Okay. Right. Okay. And so sometimes we use or we, you know, we get a customer who's been using QuickBooks Online tied to QuickBooks payments and they're paying that. I think actually Ryan might have been an example of this and they're like paying 1% and then on the they ACH, transition which over like to adds Nickel. up to a couple thousand dollars They still a use month. QuickBooks Online just because it's a fully fleshed out ERP and they can create invoices there, but they're actually processing the payment through Nickel. So they're saving on that 1%, but then they're keeping all of their invoice tracking on the back end in the ERP and QuickBooks Online.
Yoshi: Yeah, and that would work great for reconciliation because essentially the way that it works now is you know, QuickBooks sees the money leaving my account to pay a vendor, and then I have to kind of tie in that vendor invoice on, like, what, you know, what was paid, what project it applied to and stuff like that. So this might create a little more cohesion because then I'm sending my bookkeeper the details of the payment to the, to the vendor or to the sub, like what, you know, the amount, this project it was for, and they kind of reconcile it on the back end, so that would. Christian Sheerer: definitely be a good integration.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, that's why we built it out. It was like a no brainer. So many people use Circleback online. It's like, oh, yeah. Yeah, it's like we had to. Well, I guess I'm curious. Maybe I should have asked this at the beginning so we could have like a change and like, I know we're coming up on time. Do you have a couple more minutes?
Yoshi: I do. I do.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. I'm curious to like your confidence level on just like being able to or whether or not this would fix kind of like those immediate problems of being able to use?
Yoshi: I think it would. I honestly, like, I believe I set up an account and I was kind of poking around to see if I had any, you know, questions that maybe weren't going to be answered during the call, but everything was answered. And the actual platform itself is pretty user friendly. I just, you know, wanted to make sure It was a simple streamlined process for the client, especially like I can handle, you know, well, I don't like to handle the clunkiness, you know, of a system on my end, but just I really wanted it to be really streamlined and efficient for the client and also for me since I'm in the solo run office. So it sounds like it checks all of those boxes and I would be alleviating a lot of the headache and clunkiness of the bank system that I'm currently using. So, yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. So I'm seeing, I actually just pulled it up while you were talking. Like, yeah, seeing that you have the account, you've linked it up. What I typically like to do is set some follow-up time, if that's okay with you, so that you have some time to start to use the platform, maybe make a couple of transactions, or if you're like ready to hit the ground running, go pedal to the metal, it's like, all right, cool. like the first couple of them worked out super well. Let's use this. And then we can get back together to see kind of like, if there are any bumps in the road, I can help you troubleshoot them, but also so that we can start to think through, okay, here's, you know, the. What. This solved for, here's the time that got saved potentially, here's the difference in how I was doing it before and now what I'm doing with Nickel.
Yoshi: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: As part of kind of one, because it helps us, we've been around for three years, but it helps us think through things that like each business is different. And so, yeah, each business is different, but they have similar problems. So like the more that we can say, okay, cool, there's like this other problem that is, you know, going to be accounted for, like this chargeback thing, right? And then we can have, you know, a conversation about, okay, what's the best way to, corral, we're hearing a problem from Yoshi and from this person and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right? Like, how can we build around that? Yeah. And so if you're willing, I think that would be something that we could schedule is like you going through the process, making a couple transactions, and in real time, if you have some questions, you'll have my contact. I'll send you an email right after this, and then we get back together.
Yoshi: In maybe like a week or a couple weeks time. Yeah, yeah, that sounds good. Quick question. So I have a ACH payment now that I need to process, it's, you know, printed out on the form.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah.
Yoshi: And I'm waiting for tech support to kind of double back with me on that. And so can I process that through Nickel with the information that I have, or do I need to send something to the client first?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. So we couldn't. Yeah. So you're basically. This is. So you're basically, like, you have their account routing number. We couldn't, like, pull funds from their bank without, like, a payments authorization form that we send out to them that they're authorizing that we can pull out from.
Yoshi: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Like, in the future, let's say you. You already had them in the nickel system.
Yoshi: It's like, yeah.
Christian Sheerer: It's like, yes. So technically, like with the technology, correct. But yeah, yeah, yeah, we would have to send it to them one more time. And you might be able to say, and I don't, I don't, yeah, I would double check on your end, like how kind of like your compliance process works, like void that one and then say, here, I'm going to send you a link for this particular invoice through nickel that you can pay out through nickel. That would be one way that I would do that. But yeah, okay. Yeah.
Yoshi: Okay. Now I have more payments coming up. I was just wondering about this one lingering transaction.
Christian Sheerer: Just so you don't have to get on the. Yeah. That your banks tech support.
Yoshi: Yeah. Yeah, it's every, you know, so then I'm like, I'll just batch them together to do it in one. One call. So. So, yeah, yeah. But we can definitely schedule a follow-up the week of. the 18th would probably be best for me. I don't know what your schedule is like that week. Let me.
Christian Sheerer: That week, pretty free. So you let me know when. When is good for you, and I'll book that time for us.
Yoshi: How about the 20th at the same time, if that's fine?
Christian Sheerer: Perfect. Let's do it.
Yoshi: Okay.
Christian Sheerer: And. We'Re. I know we've been talking to a couple Archideck people, too. And so I think part of the goal for us is to also have some, like, webinars as a team to help train kind of like other Archideck franchise owners about how nickel process works, sort of do an extended version of Ryan's pitch during the retreat. Yeah. So we'll keep in touch with regards to that. And I'll let you know when those, as those things develop in terms of like, you know, hey, if we want to get on one, if one happens before the 20th, I'll let you know. I'll just make sure I'm tracking that on my end. And yeah, just to kind of flag that for you.
Yoshi: Okay, that would be great. Can I ask where you're based out of or where the company is based out of?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, we're all over the place, but I'm in Brooklyn and that's where a majority of us are.
Yoshi: Okay, because I was going to say we go to training, they onboard new franchisees for about three weeks in Richmond, Virginia, and so they have different companies kind of filter through at that time and do presentations at that, you know, we all fly in and we're kind of living in Richmond for Virginia for three weeks. And so that's kind of where we build out a lot of our processes and sign up for things and platforms. So it would have been so helpful if I would have had, you know, nickel on my radar at that time. So I was gonna say that might be a good touch point to catch some franchisees early before they get kind of in the rapture of other platforms and figure out that it doesn't work so well for them.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah.
Yoshi: Where?
Christian Sheerer: When? When are those on our regular basis.
Yoshi: They have them every month, from what I understand, except a few times a year. So kind of, you know, towards the end of the fiscal year. And maybe they'll, they don't have one, I want to say June, because it's kind of the peak season. But for the most part, they have them on a rotating basis. So they're always having new franchisees filter through and at training in Richmond, Virginia.
Christian Sheerer: Enrichment, do you know when the next one is?
Yoshi: I don't.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, if you hear anything, let me know. I'll send an email. You'll have my email and I'll put my number in there in the case that it's just easier to text me probably 30 minutes quicker on text than email, right? But I'm doing my email all the time, so you'll have that too. Okay. That's exactly, that's another, and selfishly, right? Like we want to be Purtsners with kind of the people who are joining our platform, right? So like that's another reason we want to get into this reconnect because if it works out for you, right? We don't want to be stingy and helping people, right? Because it's good for both of us. Exactly. And so yeah, if you hear about it, drop me a note and I will keep you posted on as like these webinar things come into fruition, all these other things, like I'll let you know if like if there's one that happens before the 20th, okay, cool. We're going to do a more expansive conversation with a couple franchises.
Yoshi: Okay, that sounds great.
Christian Sheerer: Well, it was wonderful to meet you. Yeah, I'll recap all of this and I would just say get started should be pretty simple. If you run into anything, our support is in the US. They're in the other office, so you can email me and I can walk over there and ask him to look at it right away. Or you can email them direct support@getnickel.com. So we'll be super responsive on that end.
Yoshi: Okay, that sounds good. Thank you so much, Christian.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, thank you.
Yoshi: All right, have a good day.
Christian Sheerer: All right, chat soon.
Yoshi: Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3183553.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153144Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
