---
title: Nickel for Surgenex | Reconnect + Check-In
date: '2025-10-07'
time: '16:30:54'
duration_sec: 3619.45
duration_min: 60.3
participants:
- Claudio Wilson <claudio@getnickel.com>
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- alexhoehe <alex.hoehe@surgenex.com>
- Jimmy Nguyen <jimmy.nguyen@surgenex.com>
- Participant 2 <null>
- Participant 1 <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 87
---

Christian Sheerer: IT. Hello? Jimmy, what's up? Hi.
Claudio Wilson: Hey, Jimmy, how's it going?
Christian Sheerer: Is Alex with you or is he gonna join us?
Participant 2: Yeah, he will be a little bit late. He's catching up on a couple things, maybe like three, five minutes and hope he'll be swinging right by here.
Christian Sheerer: No worries. We can get started with I guess just the introduction. If you want to introduce yourself to Claudio. He's kind of heading everything on the tech side, the CTO here at Nickel. But in case you want to fill him in on. I mean, he has the notes from when we spoke last time, but on what you're looking for specifically.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, no problem.
Participant 2: So my name is Jamie. I am the IT Assistant manager at surgenics llc. We're looking for an AR payment processing solution to help us kind of make this old over the phone method a little bit more efficient. At the current moment, we are a little log jammed. We do not nearly have as many people that are accepting phone calls as there are payments attempting to be accepted. But the biggest point of concern in regards to our finance team is that continuation of service. We like to have a little bit of confidence in, or a lot of confidence in that. The program that we decide to go with is a little, is transparent so that we are able to know if we are faltering in any factor that.
Christian Sheerer: We.
Participant 2: Put as many resources as we can to mediate, remediate the issue. Alex has also just joined as well.
Participant 1: Hi, Christian. How's it going?
Christian Sheerer: Alex, how's it going? I'm doing well. Jimmy was just giving like a brief breakdown on what he wanted to accomplish on the call today. I think that along with kind of just like figuring out where Nickel stands peculiarly, uniquely in the kind of payment spaces and how it's built to handle kind of the transactions that you're going to do, I think will both shed light on the business continuity stuff and then we can get more technical. Claudio's here, he's our cto. He can introduce himself if he has any special things to say. But yeah, yeah, for sure.
Claudio Wilson: Hey folks, nice to meet you. My name is Claudio. I'm the CTO at Nickel I UP Technology as well as compliance and Risk. And so I think it'd be a good point of contact to answer any questions you may have about, you know, why Nickel was built and why. I think it might be a good fit. I think Christian was giving me the background about how you were referred to us by other people also in like the skin grafts base, which candidly has been an interesting sector for us and proved to be a very good fit. So excited to learn more.
Participant 1: I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, from our side, we basically just try to allow our customers to ease payments and have a more smoother collection process for our invoices. We do understand that the profile or maybe the nature of the industry, along with the combination of having medical reimbursements involved in how payments are done from some of our customers, might be sort of a more difficult way to analyze or analyze the risk profile. It doesn't necessarily reflect immediately sort of the payment capability of our customer. It's more like that they want to have their process on their end completed before they release payment. And I think that might have triggered also some issues with partners that we have been working prior, which were those.
Christian Sheerer: And I guess what were the issues to drill down on that specifically which partners. And the issue was just like a risk review that was holding up a payment.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah.
Participant 1: So initially we had activated. We were operating with QuickBooks Online as our financial platform, and we have activated their ACH payment processing. This had probably been shut down, I would say maybe two months in. And I think this was triggered by the fact that they have sort of their outsourced processor excluded from their services and wanted to provide this in house. And then we approached actually Melio. We've been working or we activated the service briefly for a few. How long was it? Maybe maybe two weeks or so or.
Participant 2: About two, three weeks.
Participant 1: Yeah, yeah. And unfortunately it was. It was just in that time that we had, I think, one chargeback situation of a larger payment from a customer, which kind of probably triggered them to sort of deactivate our service because they didn't have enough information of our customer base and customer profile. And yet coming back to chargebacks, they. They happened every now and then, but it's not a regular thing. It really depends on the customer that we have. They are not necessarily.
Claudio Wilson: Sort of established.
Participant 1: Financial institutions with the accounting department. They're sometimes physician's offices. And this is also the reason why we need to have like a payment processing platform with the easy way to make collections, because they don't. They don't have like an accounting team or finance manager. Usually it's like the. The office hat, which is a doctor, physician, and they have like, assistance and having sort of a department verifying bank account details and calling in and initiating and working and having access to the bank accounts itself is a little bit tricky for them. So they would have to do it all by themselves. But they're Usually very busy and sometimes also older. And that makes it just even more complicated for them to sort of find the time to initiate payment and go into their online bank banking platform. And that's my. If we have some payment link that allows them to simply enter the routing number and account details would simplify the whole process.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, yeah. I mean that's what Nickel does. I can kind of speak to the risk profile and things if that helps. You know, I don't want any surprises. You don't want any surprises? I don't want any surprises. And so if there's, if, you know, we should just keep it honest and would love to get the full nature of the business. But essentially what we underwrite on is the health of the business. Right. And so we don't look take into account like you know, ar aging or anything like that. If you have, if you have a healthy business, cash flow is good, etc, that should be totally fine. We also look at return rates and chargeback rates. So if you get, if you have a very high chargeback rate that I will say that that will be an issue. We typically expect chargeback rates of less than 1, of like less than 1%, 1% at the max. And so if you're seeing higher than 1%, I would, you know, urge your customers to. Or do some customer education or like I would like to figure out why that is. Are these mostly odd chargebacks or are these like, you know, what, what are the reasons for the chargebacks, if I may ask?
Participant 1: Kind of difficult for to say in the rare occasions that a chargeback happens that we have sort of a clear answer from the customer. Why a check or a payment has not been or was not funded in the bank account. I think it comes down to again like the owner of the business not necessarily being filled could control of what kind of payments are going out and when and if it just happens that like two or three larger payments are going out that, that at some point if you were to last larger payment that that would be sort of have to be funded from the account and cannot be funded that the chargeback happens. From my time here, I believe I came across three or four chargebacks. And to your question with regards to 1%, is that on the, on the dollar amount or is that on transactions?
Claudio Wilson: Transactions.
Participant 1: Transactions.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. Yeah.
Participant 1: Yeah. I mean it should definitely be less than 1%.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah.
Claudio Wilson: Then I don't see any problems here.
Participant 1: Yeah, I think, I think especially once we in the situation with Melio, it was just that time when we get started when we're getting started with Melio that we, we had a lot of sort of pressure from our sales team to sort of get links sent out, you know, allow customers to, to pay. And, and it just happened that one of these customers were a large, larger customer with a larger invoice who happened to have a chargeback situation.
Christian Sheerer: And I think it was an insufficient funds chargeback or they disputed with a card payment.
Participant 1: From my knowledge right now, it was an insufficient fund. However, when you mentioned that there was a dispute, there could have been, there was some talk among the sales team that there were two amounts in terms of like sort of relevant for, for that particular invoice. And maybe there were, there was a, an adjustment of the invoice and maybe the customer had disputed the charge because it was higher than what should have been charged. Yeah, I could, I could look into this, but, but this, these are outliers. It just happened to be that this was a, a higher charge amount. And I think that triggered me to sort of disconnect the service because they didn't literally, they had, they had. Maybe we had, I think we had a total of maybe 12 or 15 transactions. Sometimes something around that. And, and we have, depending on the adoption in terms of like how many, how many card payments are going to be, how many ACH payments are going to be. We would have, I would say anything between 60 to 120 transactions throughout the month. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I'm looking more at like what I come, what, what comes to my desk is pretty much like larger sort of transactions. Anything between let's say 15,000, in the range of 15,000 to 60,000. And then we have like every now and then larger transactions that are like 150, 200, 250, $300,000. But my accounting team, they're handling all the credit card payments and smaller amounts and they can be anything between $900 to like 2,500, $8,000. We have a ton of these invoices. So the actual transactions throughout the month. Yeah, could be like 200, maybe 250. I would have to look into details how many transactions exactly we have on credit card and how many transactions will be received by wire and certain amount by check, of course, as well.
Christian Sheerer: But the 3 to 4 was just in your time across any of them or was it just of those ones that the sliver of them that kind of reach up to your desk?
Participant 1: Yeah, correctly. I mean, I haven't heard anything of like, I mean, for example, a card is being declined or so I would not really get to know about it. But then, yeah, he's gonna call in to the customer, says, like, hey, the card was declined. Do you have another card? And then they charge another card. Those. Those are sort of minor issues for me. I get involved when I need to call the banker, and usually this involves. I mean, from what I remember, these are maybe three, four transactions that I think of. They were like, in the range of like $110,000, $50,000, where there was just not enough funding in the account or it was disputed. But yeah, it basically comes down to us getting in touch with the customer. It's most of the time at the end of the month when sales tries to push for invoice to be paid to come in until the end of the month. And then I just think that there are some customers who just say, okay, well, collect the funds. And then they don't realize that there's not enough funds at this time in the account. And a chargeback happens. But then usually the issue is resolved in the following days when they issue another payment or so.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. And that pressure from the sales team on. On. Where was that coming from? Were they, like, losing out on commission because it wasn't able to get sent out or, like, collected in a timely fashion?
Participant 1: I think on the one side, yeah, commissions is definitely an aspect there. The sales team or the regional directors, they want to reach quarterly targets, of course. And yeah, our. Our team is. Sales team is. Is compensated based on collections instead of invoices or sales issued.
Christian Sheerer: I get you.
Participant 1: And yeah, I think again, with.
Christian Sheerer: With.
Participant 1: Within the industry here, there's. There's also the. The Sometimes not a struggle, but like, you know, physician officers trying to push out their payment sometimes longer than. Than they should technically, like when. When. When the reimbursement is done, it's. It's usually a. A big payout for them. So why they are not. Let's say, some. Some of the customers are not as sort of timely is. Is beyond me. It's normally not the fact that they can't pay. It's more like they want to delay it as much as possible. And why this is. I think. I just think they have different priorities, you know?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, of course. And then I know a source of kind of like questioning into our ability to handle, like, the continuity of service was around those invoices, for lack of a better word, like becoming stale or like just aging or being older. And I know. I mean, I spoke with Claudio yesterday in preparation for this, and I know that's not something that we Typically take into account in terms of like risk profile. Right. Claudio, time that an invoice is left outstanding is sort of immaterial to us. It's mostly on the kind of, I guess, right. Like Claudio described the chargeback percentage and seems like that's like well within the range that I guess we would accept. And Claudia, what are the kind of the ways that we can, I mean, I know we have some fixes to kind of prevent those situations from, from happening just on kind of like the, the login side when we send out an invoice to somebody and, and on the 3Ds side.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah. So if, if you're getting fraud charge racks somehow, like someone's using a stolen credit card to pay for something, we can use 3DS. You can enable 3DS in your account, which would kind of have them go through a two factor on the credit card. You know, like sometimes Visa sends you a text like, did you authorize this payment? We can enforce that. We can also ask you if you're paying with an ACH payment method, to log into your bank, if that would help. But it doesn't seem like the rates are low enough to warrant that. But those are just options that we're able to turn on for you if, in case that was an issue. Right.
Participant 1: Sorry. The question is whether whether our customers would use fraudulently a different account number or credit cards or.
Claudio Wilson: No, the question, Christian's question was, you know, what are some methods we could use to prevent chargebacks on your account or, you know, ACH returns? Now she's describing some methods we have available, but it doesn't sound like that's necessarily something you want to turn on or maybe it is, you can tell me.
Participant 1: No, I think we would want to make it as easy as possible for our customers to make the payment.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, that makes sense.
Participant 1: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: They.
Participant 1: Would see probably more as a hurdle to have like two factor authentication set up to connect their phone number and have like a code sent to them and these additional activities to.
Christian Sheerer: I.
Participant 1: Mean, of course for us it would be good to have this security measure in place and to ensure that our customers are paying with their accounts and everything is authenticated in the proper methods. But I think from our end, if we get started, we would sort of pre qualify initially for the first couple of months. I would say customers that just have regular payments and where we see that, that there's, there's no issue and, and slowly ramp up in terms of like to include everyone. I don't see anyone in particular. I, I, I mean, it's difficult for me to judge everything single customer that we have. I mean. Yeah, yeah. Are sort of more in touch with. With our customers and, and they have a better understanding how organized they are, what kind of team they have behind them. And so I would have to leave that to them. But overall I'd like to see sort of a controlled launch with allowing.
Claudio Wilson: Payment.
Participant 1: Links to be included to our invoices and allow customers sort of get a feel and understanding. Also get maybe some initial feedback from customers to say, like, hey, that's easy, that's good, that works for us. And then, and then we'll see if there's any issues, what we need to change or what we need to adjust whether we can allow partial payments, you know, or whether we can only allow the links to pay the entire invoice in full and then sort of, sort of expand on that.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah. I think what it boils down to on that bit is, you know, if the rates of chargeback and kind of failed transaction are as they say you are, I don't think it poses a risk to us continuing service for you, per Claudio's kind of assessment. And so the digression into the 3Ds stuff and kind of like those extra steps for security would be on those rare instances that maybe there's like a troubled customer who continues to have this issue because they Forget that they have 75000 in the account and they need to pay an 80,000 dollar ACH transaction and we can toggle those on. Like you're saying, you know, once you port over, most of those customers are all of them and you identify some bad actors. So I think that's probably just like a fallback solution that we have kind of already built out in the platform for you. Because I. I mean that's sort of why nickel is built itself too, right? Is to not add friction on a process for a payment, even if it is a $300,000 payment. That was like sort of the exciting thing when we were chatting, Claudio and I about this yesterday, you know, I was just like referencing the call. You're like, hey, we typically have these payments that go upwards into hundreds of thousands of dollars range. Like would that pose a risk to us being able to process them? And that's like sort of exactly. The founding story of nickel is where other payment processors are just built out for those smaller ones and kind of if they are in, you know, the typical flow of things, they won't stop anything until they see like a $30,000 transaction and kind of like lock you out and make you multi factor for you guys and then kind of create a lot of friction on the customer end. That's sort of exactly what we were kind of built out to solve. So it was fun to be able to have that conversation. And Claudio would be like, no, like not an issue. It shouldn't be something that we have to worry about at all. This is exactly what Nickel does.
Participant 1: Yeah, that's great to hear. Two things that come to my mind or what I like to ask, do I understand correctly that with your payment link the customer will basically just enter their ACH routing number, bank details or bank account number, possibly the name and registration address and so on to initiate the payment and then it gets pulled out of the bank account or would they have to.
Claudio Wilson: That's correct.
Christian Sheerer: That's correct.
Participant 1: So they don't have to log into the bank account, provide the account sort of login details to connect the bank account or any. Any other sort of additional hurdles that.
Claudio Wilson: That may happen rarely depending on like invoice underwriting. Like we have broad risk models that will run at the time of transaction. And if we determine that it may make this transaction risky, we may ask them to log in. But it's rare. It's, you know, it's less than the transaction. So. Okay, you, you should not see it.
Participant 1: Okay. It's regularly not happening.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, that's good.
Participant 1: A follow up would be, I mean in terms of like functioning of these payment platforms, if there would be a login requirement, it kind of. I think it's also private privacy issue for a customer and maybe not as desirable for a customer, but if they would log into a bank account that they would also see, let's say the bank balance, what is available if they can initiate the payment or if they can cover the payment amount. I haven't seen this at any payment platform. It probably is because the connection is only usually happening in the sense that to allow the authorization to pull the money from the account, but not necessarily have access to the details of the bank account. But yeah, that's probably something different to discuss as an additional feature. Probably not possible in any way in terms of privacy for the customer. The other thing that I wanted to ask is you offer the split between credit card charge between the customer and as the recipient. Do you have any sort of statistics or so on what percentage split there is a huge impact in terms of customers going rather for credit card payment than either ACH or alternatives?
Claudio Wilson: Well, the, the honest answer is that most companies just elect either from the customer or either Pay the fee. Yeah. So it's very rare that a company will elect to do like, 50 split just because it becomes harder for accounting to. To reconcile.
Christian Sheerer: Right.
Claudio Wilson: And so we don't have a lot of data because I think the top of my head, it's. It's quite rare for that to happen. We have only seen like, like 10 or 20 companies out of, like, you know, our thousands who do it. And so we don't really have the data on that stuff because it's relatively rare.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. All right.
Participant 1: Yeah, that's. That's it from my side.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. I know there were some kind of hanging questions on being able to track who has marked as paid. Like which member of the nickel account has marked a paid outside Carter. I think we can track that easily. Right?
Participant 2: Yeah, almost like a QBO audit log, but within nickel as well, just so we can see who's retroactively going into the invoices and marking them as paid.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, that's easily done. I mean, that already exists today, so.
Christian Sheerer: And was it just the most recent kind of marking as paid, Jimmy, that you guys wanted to see, or did you need like a full history of it?
Participant 2: Preferably full history, because we are HIPAA compliant. Any, pretty much any amount of audit logs that we would require is about five years old. So as much information as possible. And then the secondary portion of the marked for paid was being able to determine if it was marked for paid as in the payment was received through nickel, the platform with the payment link, or if it was received, let's say, over the fault and marked as paid in QBO instead.
Claudio Wilson: What is your. Would you. When you process payments over the phone, what card processor you're using to do that? Because nickel could do that as well.
Participant 1: We're working with American Express Merchant Services and also tech from Chase.
Christian Sheerer: Got it. Okay, cool.
Participant 1: So, yeah, so basically the. The. I think the question is basically if. If we have received payment outside of the nickel platform and our accounting staff is. Is marking an invoice as paid, that we have this being reflected ideally real time on the platform that an invoice is paid, that it doesn't happen, that we either send out another invoice to the customer saying, like, this hasn't been paid, even though it has been paid. So that there. There's no confusion in terms of, like, what information is provided on the nickel platform compared to what is registered in QuickBooks.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. Cool.
Participant 1: So it.
Claudio Wilson: It.
Participant 1: It is real time? It is, yeah. Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, good. I know the other one. I think we covered it, though, last Time was on short payments against an open invoice. Is that often or is it every time, Is it rare or is it for just those larger ones?
Participant 1: I think not necessarily for the larger ones. Sure a couple of larger invoices are being sort of paid in installments, but I think it's more like specific customers, they have arrangements to start paying off the invoice in advance through the net 30 and net 45 that we usually have, that the customer would have paid already a significant amount off down from the total invoice amount. I know this has been initiated a couple of months ago, like earlier at the beginning of the year. I don't know how this, how the sales team sort of structures payment terms at the moment. I know it was offered for better terms. Like some customers were like concerned like, oh, if you have net 30 or net 45, we cannot be sure that the reimbursement authorization from CMS have come through and then we would be obliged to pay. But even though we wouldn't have been reimbursed, so we cannot issue the payment. So this is like a back and forth between our customers and our sales team. Normally these insurance verifications and the reimbursement happens within the time frame of, let's say two weeks. So a net 30 would be possible. Net 45. We come to an agreement is like a reasonable sort of payment term. But again there are occasions where there's like CMS comes back, it says like they question the treatment and the verification and so on and further information has to be submitted and that might be a lengthier process, you know, so customers were, or some customers are worried that they would be falling behind in terms of like being reburst and then would have to issue payment before, before being reversed and.
Christian Sheerer: Or.
Participant 1: Well the, the other thing is.
Christian Sheerer: Sort.
Participant 1: Of our products are being sent out for treatment and then it's sort of being invoiced and, and the insurance verification needs to come through for the treatment and if it doesn't come through, some of the customers have an arrangement like, okay, if the treatment doesn't go through, they can send the product back and, and that invoice is, is nil. You know, so, so these kind of situations, they happen and, and we have to, or sales team has to actively track like each sort of treatment, each case for each physician, how the case works and, and, and what kind of result comes out of, on the verification and then eventually that will impact the, the reimbursement. So the whole thing is a little bit complex for us to sort of track and that's why some customers are sort of, sort of very reluctant to sort of stick to okay, net 45, you're going to pay this invoice, you know.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And I was going into it not to kind of raise any concerns on like aging. I think that's fine. Right. As long as the invoice is there, people can pay out against it is our kind of position and more so just to clarify, short payments, I guess invoice are cool today. I know you wanted to kind of understand how that reflects in QuickBooks, Claudio. Like when we, when somebody makes up, if it's 100k payment and they pay 30 of stays up, it stays open in QuickBooks, is that correct? Until it's paid out in full.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah. Because we just pushed the payment so you can have multiple payments against Linux and QuickBooks. We just push, you know, the payment to QuickBooks and it'll reflect a balance of you know, 70,000. This is, it's not. Yeah, very, it's a very common use case.
Participant 1: Yeah, I mean, I mean we have again if currently customers would have a hundred thousand dollar invoice outstanding and they submit a $30,000 ACH or wire transfer to us, we record a $30,000 payment towards $100,000 open invoice and it would reflect in QuickBooks as partial payment done. There's still an outstanding amount of 70,000 and I would assume it would happen the same way through nickel that a payment of X amount is going to be recorded and then that will be allocated towards that invoice and the remaining amount is outstanding.
Christian Sheerer: Yep. Okay, cool. Yeah, and I think that's something like during onboarding like we'll probably, as we're going through the phases of onboarding of those first batch of like you said Alex, I mean realistic, you could port over all of them. Like we have the capacity to just like pull them in once like the QuickBooks is linked up. But if you're wanting to do it in a way that is like okay, we're the trusted customers I guess for lack of a better word of that batch that you have had consistent history with during onboarding, like we can have special check ins to kind of just like think through customer education on that process and show like what a short payment would look like as they come up. Right. So it's not to say that we're just going to like throw you to the wolves. Like once you guys, you know, link up to quickbook, we'll link up to nickel and quickbooks and start sending out Invoices, like we can take all of these on like the ad hoc basis of. Okay, there's like sort of a new workflow with the sales team that is being initiated. And like how do we action that in nickel as it currently stands? And then how are we tracking like, you know, who is marking it as paid outside and is that, that, that is. That's a HIPAA specific thing. Or do like the sales team care about that as well? Just to know that's, you know, a tracking thing for their own stuff.
Participant 2: The audit log is mainly for. In the case that we do get our financial department audited because we have to follow AATB accreditation regulations, a five year audit log on any software that we use is a mandatory. So, okay, pretty much it can even be something as small as adding a new vendor. But just being able to know that this was from point A to point B, from the sale of the, from the sending of the invoice to receiving of the money, like that the audit log will show any changes as well.
Christian Sheerer: Cool, cool, cool, awesome. I think that kind of covers what was outstanding on the technical side from the last time that we chatted in terms of just the overall evaluation or if there's things that I'm missing that has come up during the conversation today, Jimmy or Alex, like that we need to get cleared up on just like the general technical fit.
Claudio Wilson: I think.
Christian Sheerer: Do we want to go through on that nitty gritty stuff?
Participant 1: Yeah, the, the only question like that just came into my mind is like if we, if we import all the invoice that we had to nickel, we can selectively choose which invoices we are sending out via nickel or are we sending out invoices via nickel? Or is it more like we generate a payment link through nickel and we are, we, we can send out the invoices through QuickBooks but adding the payment link either in the email that is being sent out through QuickBooks or incorporate the payment link as a link in the invoice itself.
Christian Sheerer: I have an opinion on that. I'm curious honestly what Claudio thinks the easiest way to do it is, but my opinion is probably you selectively send it on nickel and you hit send request for payment.
Participant 1: Yeah.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, we, we've seen both. Right. So I think the easiest is that since we automatically import your invoices in real time, you can just send it to nickel. You've also seen people edit the invoice in QuickBooks such that they include the nickel payment link and then they send it out. But that would require you to you know, edit the invoice every time to include a nickel payment link. Yeah, those are the two, two options you have really.
Participant 1: I mean, I mean I can only see that if we're sending it out through nickel that maybe some customers would not receive them or the, the, the email would end up in, in, in a spam folder so. Because they don't recognize the email. But other than that, as long as we sort of inform the customer that payment links are going to be sent out through nickel that they would just keep an eye out on. On these emails.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, you could also, I don't know how you. In which is it just directly through QuickBooks. Because you can also send them an email and then include the link there. It's directly from your, you know, one of your emails whenever you're. Yeah, this happens.
Participant 1: I mean we usually send it out through QuickBooks but follow up emails sometimes we send custom a sort of directly the payment link. So to say to make it easier for them to access it while there's a conversation going on between the customer and, and, and the, the accounting team. But yeah, I said that, that obviously being. Sending out through nickel would be a smoother method to have the link and also the, I guess the entire email out in a more structured way.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, of course. I mean, yeah, I mean.
Christian Sheerer: Oh, go ahead. Sorry.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, I think sometimes it takes some experimentation to figure out what works for you. But those are what I've seen.
Christian Sheerer: Right. Yeah, I mean like it's, I think it's a small step of customer education that's just like, I mean they will definitely. You can brand all this stuff. Right. I mean it'll be surge next so that they will have some familiarity there. And so it's like, hey, it's just going to look slightly different, but the familiarity will come back when this is me throwing a random brochure of ours. But this is basically where the QuickBooks invoice would pop up as well.
Participant 1: So the PDF would be basically looking exactly the same as the one that we issue in QuickBooks.
Christian Sheerer: Yes. And so yeah, either way is, I mean this is probably my recommendation just because then you just like minimize the amount of extra steps that the sales team will have to do to like copy that link once it's created into the QuickBooks. As a salesperson, I can tell you any extra time it takes to send out getting paid is annoying. I think they'll appreciate it. And I mean that, that's something that we're happy to do in terms of like the onboarding part of things too. Like as you're getting familiar with those sort of trusted customers that you're bringing on, if that's the way that you kind of want to handle it, we can help develop language for, hey, you just can expect it in this format every single time. And it's going to have the Surge Next logo and it'll be a reminder if we're reminding you again to send it. Or it'll say, hey, you know, surgenext has requested a new payment. And then that will automatically be attached so those, those, those edits don't have to happen at the level of like the tedious copying and pasting the link on the QuickBooks invoice. Okay, great. Cool. That sounds good so far.
Claudio Wilson: Yeah, sounds great.
Christian Sheerer: Awesome. I mean, yeah. What has been the conversation sort of internally with. With Abel so far? Has it gotten to that level? Are you sort of confident in the moving to that stage to kind of raising it to him? Has it already been raised to him? Are you guys just going to pull the trigger yourselves? Like, what is kind of the thinking there?
Participant 1: Well, he's obviously aware of the discussions that we have with different options and frankly, it would be a discussion between me and the CFO to whichever solution we find fit.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And Whitman, I guess what has the evaluation across those different solutions boiled down to so far?
Participant 1: Well, definitely Nickel is one of the favorites at this stage. We're looking to have a solution that works for us. We, we don't necessarily. We feel like overall the platforms are all operating in a similar way. But the difference is, as you say, different approach in terms of like evaluating customers or what kind of customer profile you're looking at and serving and, and your understanding of the nature of our business. Right. And while other platforms might be very strict in terms of like what they expect or what kind of sort of payment volume they're talking about or they're expecting or focusing on with their platform. We're just trying to find like, the one that would fit our customer profiles and our payment structure that we have currently. And again, we just try to enable our customer to make it as simple as possible to issue payments to us since they sometimes struggle with logging into their banking platform and just making a normal. Why Rach Transfer?
Participant 2: We want to make it as easy as possible.
Participant 1: Yeah. I mean, this is obviously not the entire sort of spectrum of customers that we have, but it just happens that either some of our customers uses this as an excuse to not complete payments in. In time, or they really do struggle with just either not having time or not having a team in place that can handle it. And again, we just want to simplify the payment process.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I mean, if it helps a lot of our customers, because sort of the founding story was around, I mean, building out for industries that have primarily relied on check or that were like distrustful of kind of vulture type payments processors who were sort of just built to skim off the top of a large transaction or not even built to handle the large transactions. A lot of our customer base itself is, you know, dealing with customers who like have maybe only had the technical experience of working with their email and their phone. And so that's what the kind of the UI is designed around. It's like a lot of the investment in tech is happening on the infrastructure behind the scenes to make it possible to make a $300,000 transaction happen in however long it takes to clear on the ACH side or the two minutes it takes for them to open their email and put in account information, which is just like, frankly and candidly, not the way other types of, you know, bill pay platforms or AR platforms are set up to do. Are you still looking at like stripe and bill.com or are there others that are kind of in the mix?
Participant 1: Yeah, we have, we have one more platform to evaluate and, but we are definitely trying to, let's say, find a working platform as soon as possible. So if, even if we might not be able to complete a full evaluation of, of the other possibility, whichever comes first, that we're going to conclude is, is suitable and, and a right fit, I think we will try it out and, and give it a go. But again, we just want to have assurance that this is going to be for a long term. And, and that's why we will also work with whichever platform we're going to choose. But I can assure you that that nickel at the moment is, is a, is a good sort of favorite to sort of go ahead with and, and yeah, I, I hope I can, I can complete an agreement. Yeah, by the end, latest, by the end of this week. Like we want to go ahead as soon as possible.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. I mean agreement is, we're pretty lax on that. I mean, I mean you will sign up for the platform and there's not like a super formal contracting process. Like we will go through a formal onboarding process to help you kind of like activate as you get started. But like we also wanted to make it as foolproof and dumbed down easy for people to get signed up. Right. Like that's why at the end of the Call last week I was like, oh, I feel like it seems pretty suitable, sort of uniquely built for this. And so sign up. And then you're like, whoa, we did Chuck chat with the CFO and enable. And so that makes sense. And so in terms of like, what next steps for post determining that this is suitable rather quickly, it would literally. I know you guys signed up with an account, right? It would literally just be linking provided to access to Abel or CFO gives you a linking bank account and linking up the QuickBooks so that you could actually start to. Or in those invoices and selectively send out the transactions that you want to start running with. And then we could also schedule sort of like a call with our customer success team so that we can plan out. Okay, Alex, if you have even just a rough estimate of the timeline of like, okay, for these first three months, we're going to try with this batch of customers and then we're going to roll out over the next two months the next batch. We can kind of work on your timeline there. So in that sense, it's like, you know, not too much of like a formal contracting process. We can, you know, schedule a call to get you guys connected once you've had the conversation with your CFO about the suitability of the platform.
Participant 1: Yeah, no, I think, I think all looks good so far. We, we just will work on discussing or informing our sales team. What we want to basically avoid is having our sales team reach out to our customers, explaining one way of payment possibility and then soon after, like provide another option because the previous hasn't been successful. So I don't, I don't see any, any issues at the moment with, with, with nickel. And I, I'll, I'll, I'll connect with my cfo. He's currently traveling. But at some point I will find a way to sort of get in touch with them to discuss this.
Claudio Wilson: And.
Participant 1: Yeah, hopefully by Thursday or Friday, we'll. We'll go ahead with the connection and execute sort of of the integration.
Christian Sheerer: Cool.
Participant 1: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: I mean, for. At the, at the risk of giving you a pop quiz, what would you. If you had. If he. If he. You had to d, like drill him down while he was on vacation on nickel, how would you kind of articulate the value to him?
Participant 1: Well, first of all, the main thing for us is obviously that, that you, as, as NICO representatives understand our business and our sort of customer profile with the transaction, the ticket sizes, the volume that we have. And by your assessment, we would not have sort of a disconnection that is basically the main question that we need to have answered and that we have. Again, the business continuity, the ach.
Christian Sheerer: Sort.
Participant 1: Of payment method, the credit card payment method. These are all fine. We obviously try to. We will evaluate whether we're going to do, as you mentioned, sort of a. A split between the service charges or the credit card processing fees, whether it makes sense or whether we are going to push everything onto the customer. That will be decided. But for now, it is basically to have that payment platform in place and allow our customers, our sort of collection teams, to sort of reach out to customers and offer them a more simplified way to process their payment.
Christian Sheerer: Beautiful. Yeah, I mean, that's how I'd sum it up, too. Cool. And so when were you hoping to get a hold of him? Like, next couple of days.
Participant 1: Today might be a little bit difficult. Maybe I can reach him this evening or sometime tomorrow. I'm constantly in touch with him, but. But to have a conversation. I will. I will just try to find a time slot where I can have a discussion with him.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. I think. So you're equipped with that. I will kind of like just pull together that main thread. Right. Of like, here's how we just accomplish, like the business continuity thing. I think it really is boiled down to the focus of. I mean, like, the Claudio's focus really honestly is like the main way that it boils down. Like, this is why we decided to build this type of company for this exact kind of scenario. We want to make it like a payments platform that people don't really have to think about once it's set up. And that is honestly, like, geared towards, you know, the communication being from you, but, you know, processed by us pretty simply. And. And so I'll corral all that stuff as well as kind of like the trailing threads around, audit trail stuff and kind of like those minutiae on the. On the technical fit side on kind of those, you know, random digression questions that we had that, that we can take care of and handle. And then just based on your sort of, you know, off the top of your head type of rollout kind of, and that you decided on this call, we won't hold you to that. Like, we can always edit those and we'll be flexible. That's kind of the nice thing about us being, oh, my gosh, small team. Everybody's like in the same room. I will sketch out sort of like, okay, here's what you. You kind of devised as somewhat of your onboarding plan so I can start to prep the Customer success team on making sure that we are attuned to that. Right. And then from day one are thinking about, like, what happens on month three or what do we need to do to educate the sales team, which I think should be, like, honestly, super simple. Right. They'll just get logins to nickel. That sounds good. You know, you'll have unlimited users, for which I think on a small thing, you know, is a nice little value add as well. It's all the time savings. And then you just save a little bit of money on the kind of like the subscription fee, which is less sexy than, you know, the. The 50 minutes of conversation about how we actually do things on, like, a process basis. So, yeah, I'll summarize all that. And then would you want to just, you know, put time on for Thursday to get back together? Maybe spend, like, 15, 30 minutes just corralling everything? If he had CFO or Abel had any other questions that we needed to nail down on, we can answer them.
Participant 1: Then try to schedule something for Thursday. Maybe in the afternoon at 3pm or so.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. You guys are on mountain time, right?
Participant 1: Yes.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. We are. We're actually on time two for the week, so that works perfectly. Yeah, let's do Thursday. Thursday. I mean, Thursday at three works. Perfect. All right, cool. I'll send that over to both of y'. All and the kind of, like, summary I just described, that I would do. And, yeah, if anything pops up. What's the CFO's name?
Participant 1: It's Dan. Dan Robinson.
Christian Sheerer: So if Dan has any random questions that he wants to pop in with, like, don't wait till Thursday. We'll be on it and response him for it.
Participant 1: Excellent. Sounds good.
Christian Sheerer: All right, thank you all.
Participant 2: Thank you.
Claudio Wilson: Nice to meet you both.
Participant 2: Nice to meet you too.
Participant 1: Have a good day.
Christian Sheerer: Have a good one. You too.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4233864.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153206Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
