---
title: Nickel + VIP Software
date: '2025-08-27'
time: '18:01:00'
duration_sec: 3053.21
duration_min: 50.9
participants:
- Ray Fu <ray@getnickel.com>
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- Michael Battis <mbattis@vipsoftware.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 99
---

Christian Sheerer: There, staying busy.
Michael Battis: Coming off of the end of summer now, you got the big weekend in the Northeast, Labor Day weekend.
Christian Sheerer: I know it's huge, it's nice, it's really coming at the perfect time as well. We're getting a little ramped up here, so everything's going well. Hopefully find some time to get to the beach. It's like perfect weather in New York right now. It's like 70s is exactly what you want.
Michael Battis: For sure.
Christian Sheerer: And, yeah, Ray's hopping in here, too.
Michael Battis: No, that's awesome, man. Yeah, I, we had a. Grown up, we had a beach house down the Jersey Shore, so I remember the. The Labor Day weekend Rush.
Christian Sheerer: Oh, it's like Labor Day weekend in the shore is ridiculous. That's something that I think even I am too old for.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. I I was actually just talking to their client and. they're so, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna be the crazies and take the family out, you know, out east on the island and, but we're gonna take the north side and cut down, you know, to the Hamptons. I was like, hey, you do you. I wouldn't be caught there the last weekend of the summer, getting caught in the traffic back and forth, you know, anywhere Montauk, Hampton, East Hampton, et cetera.
Christian Sheerer: And you got the family too. The kids are sure to see something.
Michael Battis: A little bit wild. So.
Ray Fu: Oh, yeah.
Michael Battis: They're going back to school and all the, you know, everything just sinks in. How you doing, Ray?
Ray Fu: Doing really well. I've done that drive a bunch of times, a few times pretty late at night, 11 or 12 o'clock, you know, still stuck in traffic and just seeing, you know, a bunch of accidents. It is definitely a treacherous commute towards the end of it.
Michael Battis: Now, are you in Brooklyn as well? I am. Nice. Awesome. Yeah, I was last call on Christian. I grew up in North Jersey, like right in the Morristown area. So, you know, family and my mom actually from Brooklyn. So ton of family in the Northeast still and, you know, grew up that way. So super familiar.
Ray Fu: Nice.
Michael Battis: Cool. You want to kick us all Christian?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, let's do it. I think pretty clear agenda. Ray and I just think just before this, I think we want to hear again from you just like horse's mouth. straight to Ray, kind of the description of where you get customers to a cliff and then like the opportunity you're seeing in building a bridge past that cliff. And then I think we can transition into based on what we know from the last conversation, how we'd in the short term handle a situation like that, wherein we're dealing with the carriers and the adjusters paying out specifically, whether it's via your coordination or via individual coordination.
Michael Battis: On their own end.
Christian Sheerer: And then in light of that, I guess dovetailing from that is what are the types of integration pathways that you guys are helping us coordinate and we're helping you coordinate from where you get them to a clift and then this new opportunity where Nickel might be a bridge to connect straight to their adjusters. And then after that, we probably gain plan based on if we find a a clear way what that looks like in terms of investment on both sides.
Michael Battis: Yeah, yeah, sounds good. Yeah, so, you know, Ray, we're in the property casualty insurance space. And so we have developed software products that we sell to both the insurance carrier and then service providers. So service providers is just a fancy term in our industry for a vendor. You know, any company that's providing a service on behalf of the carrier, to settle a claim. You have a house, you have loss, an adjuster comes, you know, engineering engineer comes, et cetera, et cetera.
Ray Fu: Michael, by the way, I actually spent a lot of time at AIG, so very familiar with PNC. So, yeah, we can feel free to breeze through some of the and use whatever jargon you feel comfortable with. Yeah, so, yeah, continue, please. Okay.
Michael Battis: No, that's super helpful. So, you know, the what's in scope here is on the service provider side. So we have a number of as well as ecosystem companies. So companies that touch our product through, you know, a carrier. So if the carrier is our customer, you know, they then require all of their vendors to use our platform to build to ensure billing compliance, accuracy, and standardization. Because as you know, from the insurance space, there's all these different contracts and fee schedules at different rates for different services. We actually automate that process and ensure that contract compliance is being met at the time of billing so there's no leakage. And there's a number of other things. So, you know, that's for another conversation. But with the service providers, particularly IA and CPA firms, as you're familiar, you know, they have a lot of 1099s that work with them. And that's really their business model. They don't like the overhead because they can scale up and down. And so with that, you know, comes, its own complexities from a cost accounting perspective for these IA and TPA companies. And so, you know, they have a, the company generates an invoice to AIG for $500. Well, they could have one, two, three different adjusters that touch that claim and all of them can be getting paid a different amount. So you can have one adjuster getting paid a percentage, the other one's getting paid a flat fee, you know, et cetera, et cetera. So our, our products for the service providers automates that entire cost accounting process for the service provider with their 1099s. So we create the invoices that go to the carrier based off of the fee schedule, but then we also generate all the bills that they need to create in order to Make payments to the various adjusters on every single claim. And so we get them to the point where, all right, they have a weekly payroll, biweekly, semi-monthly, the different cadences. we get them to a point where, all right, in the last two weeks, here's all of the bills that this adjuster, here's all the claims of this adjuster service, here's the amount that he or she is supposed to get paid, and we generate that report, but it stops there. So our clients have come to us and said, look, you know, you guys get us to this cliff as Christian, you know, referred to, as I used with him in our last call, that term, because now they then have to take that and then go, you know, bring it to their, Payroll system to another payment gateway extremely manual and in addition they like everybody else they're trying to consolidate, you know the number of different areas that they're having to do things right as much straight through process as possible so I said, you know, I'm gonna go I'm gonna take this project on I you know one of the original founders and I run the sales and marketing team here VIP and I'm going to take this project on and find a solution from business side that fits our needs. And then at the right time, we bring in our CTO to ask any technical type questions. We're looking for something very basic, something that can just move money digitally, most notably like ACH. It's just to be able to process payroll for all of these adjusters that these companies have. But there's such an untapped revenue opportunity for us selfishly, which of course would result in a company like Nickel, whoever our partner is, that would benefit as well because there's so much, so many payments that are processed. I mean, we have, you know, 350 companies in our ecosystem, 45 of those are customers of ours, and we continue to grow that. And we're developing a claims management system that's specific to service providers because again, these companies are coming to us, we're paying this company to do this, this one to do that, everything's siloed, we're overpaying because we're only using 30% of a system that we have to pay for all of it anyways. So that will continue to have more pressure put on us of, okay, now you're doing the claim side, we need the payments piece to really have an end-to-end workload for workflow for these service providers. So I'm going to pause there and see many questions, guys?
Ray Fu: No, no questions. Very, very along with what Christian and I have synced up on ahead of time and completely understand the predicament that you guys aren't in. Gonna be 100% candid with you. This is definitely a little bit of an edge case for us and definitely not the standard use case that our platform is designed for. And you and the carriers that you guys work with, right, are definitely not the typical kind of customers that we work with either, but. I do agree with you that directionally there seems like something that we can do together and Nickel does seem like we are a solution that can definitely help you on the money movement side and be able to scale out the way that your carrier customers are paying out all their vendors. But the biggest question for me coming into this call is one, how will we actually go about getting four to five hundred different clients of yours, right, onto our platform and whether it even be practical for you to manage four or 500 different accounts, right, on our platform because candidly with you, no one else has done that before, right? We don't have one partner or another partner that's managing 400 different client accounts on our platform. That's just very atypical. But if it's something that we can figure out a way to work and you feel like that's not compared to the development burden that you guys will otherwise have or the cost that you guys would otherwise incur by using something like a stripe, you know, then it might make sense for us to continue. But for me, that's one of the asking any questions.
Michael Battis: Sure.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I think the pertinent question for me there is like the distinction between the 350 and the ecosystem and the 45, like immediately, is it Because last week when we spoke, there was like a clear delineation about- yeah.
Michael Battis: We don't pass through. Exactly, okay. And actually it's cut in half because half of- so this, what's in scope for us is nothing to do with the carrier. It's between the provider and their 1099s. So, you know, the service provider in like in perfect world, you know, service provider is the one that is facilitating their payments. So they would, you know, I don't know if we'd be the, I would assume we'd be the direct customer with you. And then, again, I don't know the full scope of how your system is set up from a capabilities perspective. I know Christian, we talked about it at a high level last week, but, you know, we would ideally like to have, okay, now we're a master client of yours, and then we have these sub companies that are our customers that we then grant them access, you know, if they subscribe to the payments portion and, you know, they then facilitate the payments with through their sub company. I don't know if that's like a structure you guys have today or if you have other recommendations on the current structure. We do not want to oversee or have anything to do with reviewing and approving the payments. We're essentially just a reseller partner of yours, if you will, but we would need some type of integration with our system to be able to get the data and when I say integration, whether it's, you know, an API, it's some type of AI agent, you know, we're, we're flexible on that, but some type of way to communicate that data. So two ways, honestly, it's, we don't want to have, you know, the, the, we don't, we don't want to have the banking information in our system. It's out of scope of what we do from a compliance perspective. We're socked too, but we don't have You know, the PII, we're not trying to go down the PII route, which, you know, you guys obviously have, you've already done that. That's why we're looking for a partner to do this. So essentially the individual would be able to create their profile with all their banking information for you all to capture that. And then we simply just need to be able to push that data to you all to process those payments to those folks. Again, I'm saying how it comes together in my mind. You let me know based off what you guys can or can't do.
Ray Fu: Michael, let me ask a quick question, right? When it comes to paying the IAs and the TPAs, who is actually going to be initiating that payment in this workflow that you're envisioning? Is it going to be you guys or is it going to be the carriers themselves?
Michael Battis: It's no, it's going to be the vendor company. Like, so if you have an IA firm, right, that's our customer. The carrier is not involved in this. You have an IA firm and sorry, you have an IA firm and so I'm the company, you guys work for me. So now it's time to process, you know, payroll, which really it's just moving money because there's no taxes or anything taken out for 1099s. Now I'm going to, I'm going to have all of the individuals that need to get paid the total amounts for payroll and I would initiate as the company leader pay, you know, CFO initiate the transaction of payroll to you guys.
Ray Fu: Got it. So just to be sure that I'm understanding this correctly, right? So VIP software, you guys are providing the actual fee schedule and the breakdown of how much each adjustment needs to be paid, but it is your clients who are going to be responsible for initiating that payment and you are looking for a tool that is going to help your clients be able to make that payment. Is that okay? Got it. So I think that actually streamlines the conversation quite a bit and the relationship. So just to give you a little context on the limitations that we're working with here, without getting into the details of banking regulation, the way that our business and our payment processing capabilities are set up with the Federal Reserve is such that we must work directly with what we call the in-merchant meaning the business that is providing the services or the products, right? We cannot have a contract with the intermediary like VIP software and then for VIP software to have that payment relationship with the in version Nickel needs to be directly in that relationship. But if we have that direct relationship, but if VIP software is one of the users, right, who is managing the end use the end accounts accounts, that is absolutely fine. We have a ton of those relationships with accounting firms, right? Where Nickel has the direct relationship with the business and the business have set up their own Nickel account. They just invite their accountant onto Nickel to help them initiate the payment or to approve the payment. That works for us. It's just when you guys become the intermediary and we only have that relationship with you and you have a relationship with all the people who are doing the payments, that's when it gets problematic. And from a regulatory perspective, we cannot cross that line.
Michael Battis: So let me ask you a question then. And is there a world, and maybe this is what you're saying, where our client is, each of our clients are treated as an accountant in your platform, approving their own payments and transactions for the people that, you know, they're paying? Yeah.
Ray Fu: It's actually the other way around. So the, the what will work the best for us is if each one of your clients signs up individually to Nickel and has their own Nickel account. And then we would treat you as an accountant with master account access to all these accounts so that you can see exactly which payments they are making. And depending on your contractual obligations with your clients, you can also initiate the payments on their behalf. So that would be the the most ideal and the easiest setup from our perspective. And that that would be a very simple thing for us. And, you know, something that we've done hundreds of times with other clients.
Michael Battis: Okay. I'm just thinking about how that works then from revenue perspective. Because. You guys have your fee that you charge. We have, we're, we will be charging, like, with the model that we're going down is to charge per payment that's made. And so, like, how does that work with them working directly with you guys?
Ray Fu: We can, so we can talk about that.
Michael Battis: Right.
Ray Fu: And, you know, we can, we can have some sort of. some sort of master agreement between Nickel and VIP software that is purely financial based, where you guys are essentially purchasing a license for every single one of your clients so that they don't have to pay for our software separately. And depending on how you're thinking about the transaction pricing, maybe we can build that into A custom fee that we, you know, a custom fee that we charge and then we can settle up with you on a monthly basis. I think that's a permutation we would potentially be open to. I would need to check with the team to see whether that is feasible. But to me personally, I think the biggest question is actually from a workflow perspective, does it Make sense for you? to manually have access to 400 different nickel accounts in.
Christian Sheerer: Well, it'd be like 22, right, Michael? Yeah, yeah.
Michael Battis: So, like, the, the customers is who we go after first, but. Okay. Okay. But Ray, but it's a good question from a scale perspective. You know, there's like this, this, there's, we're very confident in the sales capability to be able to go and. convert a lot of that ecosystem that's not current customers of ours because it's a more all-encompassing solution. You know, right now, you know, you're, you're battling of, okay, well, I do all this, but then I still, you guys still don't have this piece, which I got to move the money. So right now it would be like that 22 to 25 that we would go after. We already have a few that are that you guys let us know as soon as you're ready. We're on month to month with our current provider, and. we want to get this transitioned over. But I was just trying to think of like, I'd have to see how it would come together. Maybe I don't want to waste your guys time of going too far into it, but maybe from just like a high level mock-up or workflow of how this kind of comes together. And then it, because if I understood you, Ray, you'd have direct relationship with our client. So they would be, they would be signing nickel. Nickel's paper, right? And then from a integration perspective, there would be, we'd find some type, you know, assuming this worked, there's some type of integration between Nickel and VIP for us to get the data to Nickel so payments can be processed on whatever cadence, you know, the client that's actually processing the payments. And then from there, from your revenue perspective, who would be paying you? Are you saying that you would bill us for each account that comes on and then we can go from there and charge our clients what we want?
Ray Fu: I think we'd be, yeah, it depends on how we actually engage in the partnership, right? I think if you're bringing all of your customers on board, we're doing that deep integration and you are kind of triggering the payments. I think logistically it makes the most sense for us to have that contract and you are essentially buying all the licenses upfront for all of your customer. This way we don't have to settle up individually with your customer and it just feels like it's a cohesive part of your overall offering. I think if we do go that fully integrated route, that's probably the best way to go about it.
Michael Battis: Yeah. Okay. I see that more now because then. It'S. You guys bill us, we cover their costs, and then we go charge and charge what, you know, the model that we want to charge, and you guys have gotten paid at that point, and then we can still push forward with the model that we're looking to do on more of that transactional level, if I understand.
Ray Fu: Yeah, and how much were you thinking of charging on the transaction side?
Michael Battis: I mean, it's crazy how much some of these companies pay, right? They're paying two to $3 per transaction. We're looking to do a dollar, you know, dollar, dollar and 25. And. That'S what's so compelling for them because they're just, you know, they're paying a fortune for, something that they don't need to, and we're just seeing that as such a big opportunity for us. But I also know that there's regulations around how much markup you can do on things, but you guys are also charging a subscription-based model, right? So that's kind of what we're looking at is like a dollar, $1.25.
Ray Fu: Got it. And I assume most of these are gonna be ACH transactions, correct?
Michael Battis: Every single one. Yeah. Okay.
Ray Fu: To be honest with you, if you're charging a flat fixed rate per transaction, what might actually be the easiest is to just charge customers a flat rate on a monthly basis based on the rough amount of volume that they're going to do as opposed to doing it on an individual transaction basis. because every single transaction also has a fee to it to actually get processed. So logistically, I think it will be significantly easier to just charge a fixed fee. But we can talk about those details and how we're actually going to do that. If we do go further down the implementation, and our team can actually give that to you with a more precise proposal on what we recommend.
Michael Battis: Yeah, for us though, just when you get to a monthly cost is, you know, insurance industry, you have a catastrophe and you massively scale up from a volume perspective. So, you know, some of our clients take it from a thousand adjusters to 10,000 adjusters in the blink of 24 hours. And so that's where, you know, that transaction piece kind of comes into play. Okay. And look, I know, you know, we're, you guys are trying to make it work. I know it's a, you know, it's a good opportunity for you all because there's tons of, you know, it's a new, it's a new area and it's outside of scope. I get it. There's, there's lots of revenue potential for you guys as well. So I don't want to overly complicate it for, for everybody. If, if we think it's something that we can continue to explore. Great. You know, again, I respect the area you guys are in and, you know, you're trying to accommodate the needs that we have. Yeah.
Ray Fu: And then lastly, can you talk to us a little bit more about that data integration in a perfect world, assuming that Nickel can provide you exactly what you're looking for? How does data get passed between your platform and ours and what does that workflow look like?
Michael Battis: Yeah, that's what I was saying before. I mean, we're open to options, right? So whether it's a direct API integration, whether there's some type of Give me.
Ray Fu: Your perfect scenario, right? If you had a magic wand and you got everything that you were ever looking for, what does that look like?
Michael Battis: Yeah, I mean, we have available APIs today. So, you know, an API would be ideal because of being able to exchange that back and forth of, okay, you know, here's the payment data to you guys that here's the information you need to process payment. Now payments in process, we need remittance data to come back into the system to show that these have been paid, the amounts who's been paid, etc. But again, that doesn't necessarily have to be done through an API, but that is what we most commonly see because most of our clients plug into our API for their core systems.
Ray Fu: Say the last part again. So it's the API integration. Is it going to be on the APIP software side or is it going to be on your client side?
Michael Battis: No, it's on our side. So our clients have other QuickBooks, right? They have QuickBooks for their accounting system. They have their own claims management system. So when they want to plug into ours, they leverage our API and plug into our system for other uses, not relevant to this. It would purely just be where we're plugged into, via our system is plugged into Nickel. And then each license that we have for our customers, there'd be the unique IDs to be able to understand who's who, et cetera, et cetera, what you would expect through an API. But it's one integration with the various endpoints of integration.
Ray Fu: Got it.
Michael Battis: Okay.
Ray Fu: So just to make sure that I understand, I want to play back the kind of ideal scenario for you. So your clients will sign up for Nickel instead of their own Nickel account. Their Nickel account is integrated directly into VIP software. You guys are working with the clients in order to calculate the fee schedule. and to figure out how much each adjuster needs to get paid after work has been done. The second you've figured out the fee schedule and the amount that needs to be paid out to adjusters, Nickel will send a link to the adjusters asking them for their payment details, right? Essentially, once we get that, we tell VIP software, Hey, look, we got the information. It's ready to go. We're not gonna pass you the details 'cause you shouldn't be handling that, but we have all the information that we need to actually go pay the adjuster. and then you would initiate or essentially tell Nickel, Hey, okay, today is the due date. Go and pay that adjuster from IA client number one's bank account. Does IA client number one need to be involved in that approval process? How does that work? Like, do they typically review these payments before they go out? What is your contractual obligation with them?
Michael Battis: Yeah, I mean, it would be like your typical And just for a second, I just got a move guys, sorry. Sorry, just had to move my computer.
Ray Fu: So.
Michael Battis: Like any other scenario with payroll, you know, you have somebody that's putting a set of eyes on things. Okay, here's a report. It's moved into a new system. You're going to have people that want to review that to make sure that Ray is supposed to get paid $2. Christian is supposed to get paid $3. data came over correctly. It's just, you know, kind of that payroll validation process. So, you know, at that point, we would want them to click the button in so many words to say, yep, process these payments at each individual vendor level, the people, you know, the people overseeing that approval.
Ray Fu: Got it. Well, luckily, that is something that we can actually provide. So within the Nickel Network, within the nickel dashboard, right? Assuming that the bill has already been created, the payment has been scheduled, any other administrators can actually go in and approve that payment before it actually goes out. So we already have all that approval workflow set up. So from that perspective, it works. Okay, so I think I have a pretty good understanding of what it's going to take for us to be able to do some sort of integration with you guys, and it really comes down to Actually, a couple pretty basic things. One is a programmatic asset to allow you to get the bank account details and onboard each new adjuster, be able to create a bill, a bill, a payroll bill, right, for that adjuster in Nickel, for you to be able to schedule that payment for approval. And then once that payment has actually been made and clears, the data needs to sync back to VIP software so that you can update your fee schedule or whatever master management system you guys have to say, hey, this has been paid. I don't need to worry about it. So it's really just those like four touch points.
Michael Battis: Yeah, and just a couple of things to just consider with that, right? You're spot on. So we'll put a pin in that spot on is making sure that how things are set up when the individual registers in Nickel to put their banking info, that during the, at the time in which we're sending over that info, that there's some type of synchronization to say, you know, there's 100 people, for whatever reason, only 90 of them synced up, you know, who are those people that for whatever reason didn't match, you know, where there's discrepancies in, you know, we, and we have things like in our system, you know, we call like an employee code or employee number, So we could use that if there's some type of good that you guys have on your side and we make sure that that matches in nickel in our system, that would be, you know, that would obviously eliminate a lot of issues. The other is, and this is what Christian and I talked about last week, let's say for whatever reason somebody gets to the point and they're reviewing a nickel, you know, the payments and there's any discrepancy, I share with Christian that they would go and make those updates in our system because that's their system of record. So if there was a correction that needed to be made, once they made the update, that of course would re-trigger back to, you know, Nickel, and there'd have to be some type of scenario between our two systems that said, okay, we sent it once, you know, rate was incorrect, we need to re-trigger that so it updates because even if it were to be something that could be updated in Nickel, we still need to have that accurate, you know, data point.
Ray Fu: Value that they're supposed to pay in our system. Got it. Yeah, I think, I mean, I think that's a pretty easy scenario where we can probably just give you a, update API endpoint for you to be able to call if something does get changed, and we can leave that in your hands to make the decision on when you want to update that information and how you want to update that information.
Michael Battis: Cool.
Ray Fu: A couple of the questions I had just to confirm the initial set of customers that you have already got bought by in for doing something like this and doing a pilot one. it's like 25 clients. Is that correct?
Michael Battis: Yeah. Got it.
Ray Fu: And for a full rollout on this, how many clients are we talking about? How many accounts would you be setting on?
Michael Battis: I mean, we would be going after the next would be, of course, you know, the low lying fruit, which is in the ecosystem. So another 325 companies. And then beyond that, there's, I mean, we're, we continue to grow every single day, both customer and ecosystem based. So, you know, from there, it's the there's a few thousand. I mean, you're familiar with the insurance space, so there's a few thousand. We're targeting the iatpas first because they have the most complex scenarios with all these 1099s. But then there's opportunity with all the other service providers. I mean, we have Engineers, ladder companies, you know, medical examiners and all these different vendors that run through our system where there's, you know, those are all targets and suspects for us.
Ray Fu: Remind me again, what is the difference? between a client and a network client?
Michael Battis: Oh, like a circle back.
Ray Fu: Yeah, those like 25 that you will bring on.
Michael Battis: Those are paying customers. Yep. So we have like the, so we've got 45 customers, a blend of carriers and service providers. Again, service providers are the only ones in scope. So then we have 350 companies in our ecosystem. So those are companies that are touching our software, but they're not paying customers of ours yet. They're touching it through, you know, we sell to the carrier, they onboard, you know, 15 of their vendors. Well, now they're in our ecosystem because we have direct line of contact with them. We're going through trainings with onboarding process, et cetera.
Ray Fu: Okay, got it. That makes sense. So if I understand that correctly, 25 customers that you would want to set this up with immediately. and then potential expansion into about 300 or 400 of them, but that is predicated on you converting them to a customer first and then converting them onto Nickel.
Michael Battis: Correct.
Ray Fu: Got it.
Michael Battis: Yeah. I mean, that would happen simultaneously, right? We convert them into a customer, you know, if they would be.
Ray Fu: Got it. And then the pricing that you're thinking about is for this added payment service, you are going to charge them some sort of monthly subscription as a fee. and then you're gonna charge them roughly one or two bucks per transaction.
Michael Battis: So we charge them, so the way we do it today is we have a unique way of calling it subscription, right? So it's not an all-you-can-eat subscription because of the ebbs and flows that I talked about before. So we have our clients commit to minimums and so they're contracted every single month of spending X dollars. And then everything always ties back to the number of transactions they process with us. We have a client that says, you know, we're basically purchasing 50,000 invoices from you on an annual basis at X cost per invoice. And then we bill them that amount, you know, every single month, ProRata. So let's say we charge them for Easy Math, two bucks, you know, it's a hundred grand annually. We're billing them $8,300 a month. Once they go over that minimum, we then start charging them additionally in arrears. So they're like, they're very used to, the insurance industry is very used to transactional type pricing. So what we would do is, you know, just tack this on. If you guys, you want the payment component to this, it's going to be an additional X dollars per, you know, payment that would be processed.
Ray Fu: Okay, got it.
Christian Sheerer: Subject to a minimum as well.
Michael Battis: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Subject to the same type of minimum.
Michael Battis: Yeah, I mean, and then exceeding it.
Christian Sheerer: If it goes from 1000 adjusters to 10,000 adjusters in a month, it's like you had that 1000 minimum.
Michael Battis: Okay, cool.
Ray Fu: Yeah.
Michael Battis: Because what they always expect and, you know, we do as well when we're subscribing is, okay, we, you know, there's tiered pricing. So we go, you know, we, we, as we go up in volume, whether it's growth or just volume, there's price discounts. And, you know, we're, we always do that.
Ray Fu: Got it. And for those 25 clients today, how, how many payments are we talking about on a, on a weekly or monthly? monthly basis.
Michael Battis: Yeah, most commonly, right, it's month, it's bi-weekly or semi-monthly. You know, you have some French cases for people where they're paying weekly. You know, each company has anywhere from, you know, 250 to 10,000 adjusters in a given payroll. So, you know, you're looking up to 25,000. Yeah, 100,000. a couple hundred thousand a month. Okay.
Ray Fu: Got it. Got it.
Michael Battis: Okay. Total. Because remember, sometimes anywhere from two to four times that that's happening. So one of our clients has, you know, on minimum, 5, 000 adjusters that are working for them, and they scale, you know, their customers are State Farm, Allstate, so, you know, they then scale up. There's a catastrophe. You look at the fires they did. You know, 15,000 claims in one month, well, you have 15,000. And sometimes there's multiple, again, as you know, Ray, there's multiple people that can get paid off of one claim. So if you call it 1.5, you're looking at 22,000, you know, 500 payments in one payroll times two, just one customer there is 45,000 payments.
Ray Fu: Got it. Got it.
Michael Battis: Okay.
Ray Fu: That makes sense.
Michael Battis: So.
Ray Fu: I'm going to be very frank here. I think given the volume for us to be able to process that volume payment, not in terms of dollar amount, just in terms of the number of transactions, we're going to be taking on a pretty reasonable amount of risk actually to be able to move those funds. And the payments business is unfortunately one where you're managing risk. It's much easier When we're dealing with a single business that is doing, you know, 100 transactions on a monthly basis, right? Our models are designed for that. We can adjudicate for those risks much better than at this scale for, you know, 25 customers that we don't really know as well. So there's going to be a decent amount of risk that we're going to be taking on. And frankly, I, you know, our costs, our blended cost per transaction, it's probably going to be north of a dollar. if not, you know, two or a couple other dollars, right? You look at something like a Stripe or, you know, a Dwolla or any of the other services, they're charging anywhere between 0.5% to upwards of about 1.2% in order to settle ACH funds, in order to settle ACH transactions in a ISV type of agreement, right? So, using that as a benchmark and just knowing kind of how our internal process works, our price is going to be above probably the price that you were enjoying thinking about charging your customers. So just an FYI, obviously I need to discuss it with the team a little bit more to give you more concrete proposal around the price. But I think if your plan is to charge a dollar per transaction, I'm not sure the unit economics are going to work out the way that you were envisioning and hoping. And I just want to be upfront about that.
Michael Battis: Yeah. No, super, super helpful. I mean, so your current model today is you charge a subscription, but I'm sure that's. So is it a subscription plus per transaction? Is that. Did I kind of misunderstand on the website? How does that work? Yeah.
Ray Fu: So we, we charge a subscription for certain workflows and. like the removal of certain limitations around our platform, where we make the bulk of our money is actually on the transaction side. And that's a combination of credit cards, wire transfer, international payments and those things.
Michael Battis: But.
Ray Fu: Can only, you know, we do take a loss on every single ACH payment that we run for our customers because we provide that as a free service. And that's kind of our version of Costco's dollar 50 hot dog, right? We use that as a way to attract folks in. But in your specific case, if you're going to be doing 100,000 ACH transactions on a monthly basis, our cost basis there alone is going to be more than a dollar per transaction. And if we are not finding additional avenues to be able to generate transaction-based income, right, it's very, very hard for us to make that work as a business. So we would need to we would need to pass on the cost of processing those payments plus a little bit of our margins onto you if we're going to make the unit economics work. And just off the top of my head, I'm pretty confident that that cost is going to be more than a dollar per transaction. Does that make sense?
Michael Battis: Got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I kind of had a feeling that was going to be the case and we started talking about volume in more detail.
Ray Fu: Yeah, well, yeah, the good news, you know, the bad news is, you know, I'm gonna have to charge you a dollar plus per transaction. The good news is that when you compare it with something like a stripe or twalla, you're saving a crap ton of money.
Michael Battis: Right.
Ray Fu: Because if they're charging you 0.5 or like 1.2%, I'm, you know, these adjudications are probably, what, 500 bucks, a thousand dollars per payroll, right? that's. Oh, yeah.
Michael Battis: I mean, you're. It's.
Ray Fu: Exactly. So it could get pretty expensive, depending on which route you would go. And I would be pretty certain that if we do end up honoring and find, you know, a way to be able to work together, Nickel is probably going to be able to provide you with the cheapest and most economic option, but you would. you probably need to have to do a little bit more work with your customers to figure out what is the right price for you to charge them because the dollar is not another one.
Michael Battis: Yeah, I mean, you know, again, throwing out numbers there before, you know, we see that there's companies out there today, like even payroll companies that are charging just like three bucks transaction. So our thought is we go in, and we can beat that. It's a no-brainer for them, right? These are very margin type businesses. And so it's a one or two meeting closed sale, right? When you're meeting with the CXO and even if it's two bucks, you're saving 33%, right? So whatever that is, you know, we won't close.
Ray Fu: I hate to tell you though, like, don't peg your price, can't really, don't peg your price on what the payroll companies are charging because what they're actually making the money on is actually the float when they move in the funds, right? So payroll companies typically, whenever they pull funds out of a client's account, they're pulling the funds anywhere between seven and 10 days before payroll is actually due. And then they're also withholding taxes in a dedicated account on behalf of their customers. So they try to lure you in with that very low transaction costs or in the case of some companies like Rippling, which Christian used to work at, there's no fees for the transactions at all, but where they're actually making back the majority of those funds is in the float, in the interest that they're generating on the float. And that's how they're able to make it economically worthwhile. So that's my only warning there. If you do want to charge $3 per transaction, all the power to you. But from our perspective, just know that our cost is probably going to be in the low single digits per transaction.
Michael Battis: Okay, good to know. No, that's good. I mean, look, we want to have this call to make sure we exhaust all options and scenarios and just kind of see now that you know kind of the scale of what this could. Be. It allows us to have better insight of what allows me to have better insight of what your costs potentially might be. ballpark area. And, you know, that's, that's going to be the tougher sell is, of course, when you start going at the same cost of where they're currently at, you know, of course, there's a value out of getting rid of, you know, the, the process of taking data from one system to the other and all, you know, all those other, you know, scenarios. But, but it is a harder sale, if you will, of obviously, they'd be paying more, but, you know, even if they're paying at the same cost with their current scenario and it's, it's working, it's not ideal, but it's working. Yeah, no, super helpful, guys. I mean. Are you, are you, you're feeling it? Would it be more of a percent based scenario like the other companies that I've spoken to, Ray, or would there be some type of predictable flat cost? Like, what do you kind of envision knowing the volume that we have?
Ray Fu: Yeah, we can probably don't hold me to it. My feeling is that we can probably do it at a flat cost as opposed to a percentage base. We personally don't ever believe that percentage base makes sense for ACH because our cost is flat on the back end. So we will probably do. So we will probably do transparently, right? is we'll figure out what our cost basis is for a single ACH and then figure out what our cost basis is on potential losses and risk that we're taking on. And then we will figure out a small percentage markup so that, you know, we're ensuring that we're coming out ahead on this deal, especially if we're going to put in a lot of engineering resources into it. And then I will come back to you with some sort of fixed number, whether that is on a transaction basis or, you know, on a, on a bulk basis, right? Like 100 bucks per thousand transactions or, you know, a dollar per transaction, something like that.
Michael Battis: Yeah. Yeah. I don't feel like you guys have to go crazy on, you know, just, just high level back and forth to math. If it, if it's somewhere within a ballpark that makes sense, we can continue on with the conversations, of course. And if not, like, look, we on both sides have exhausted the options and it's gotta make sense for everybody, right? We're in the business to make profit. We're not in the business as a nonprofit. So I totally get that.
Ray Fu: Yeah, for sure. And listen, even if this is something that doesn't work for you guys, we're happy to be a thought partner here and help you figure out, you know, what is the best solution and how to best think about providing a payroll service to your customer in a way that it's, you know, very advantageous for your customers, but also make sure that you are going to be able to generate a very healthy human economics because when it comes to moving funds, unfortunately, there's just a lot of nuance here and a lot of things that could come back and bite you in the butt.
Michael Battis: Yeah, totally. Look, this is why we're exploring speaking to people that are in this space. It's a whole other world when it comes to compliance and regulatory stuff on the finance and money movement side. appreciate that, you know, an insight and lending hand. And yeah, if you guys just want to share what that looks like when you're ready and we can just put it in it or, or, hey, we can find a way to make that make sense that that works as well. Yeah.
Ray Fu: How long do you think we, we.
Christian Sheerer: We would take on that?
Ray Fu: I would say give us a couple of days to, to come back to you.
Michael Battis: Yeah, that's fine. I'm not looking for it, like, you.
Ray Fu: Know, I think that makes sense. And then one last question, you mentioned customers using assisting payroll services and stuff. If you had to make a call, would you say that if you charge more than one or two dollars per transaction, your customers are going to balk at it and they're no longer going to be interested in this solution? Is that where the willingness to pay kind of starts dropping off?
Michael Battis: I think, you know, anything at or below cost, they're still very viable of what they're currently at today. So again, there's some people that are paying way more than that. I use the $3 example because that seemed to be the most competitive that I've heard so far from our clients, you know, that they're getting charged, and that's with like Paylocity. Right. So they're using their payroll provider to process 1099s, which I just think is absolutely insane because usually it costs more to run through a payroll company. But to your point, you know, they're making the money on the float, but we use Paycom and it costs us way more per deck to use that. Well, we have a ton of other, you know, components of the HR aspect that we're using and so on and so forth. But, you know, $3 is definitely kind of that benchmark that we're working off of to, have this make sense for us and our customers to feel confident that we can go and convert, you know, a good amount and not just have this be a big project and you're generating, you know, 25, 50 grand in revenue a month when we know there's opportunity if it's priced right, we can go generate, you know, 100 plus grand of recurring revenue every month on this.
Ray Fu: Okay, got it. Got it. I think I have all the information I need. Christian, did you have any other questions?
Christian Sheerer: No, I I I think I needed that Benchmark, and that was it. And the volume was burning for me.
Michael Battis: But we chatted through that.
Christian Sheerer: And so I think, like, I guess we get back together at the end of the holiday.
Michael Battis: Yeah. Sounds good. Yep. Okay, cool.
Ray Fu: Works.
Michael Battis: I'm in next week.
Christian Sheerer: You're in next week?
Michael Battis: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Christian Sheerer: Does Wednesday work still?
Michael Battis: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Christian Sheerer: Let's do a Wednesday. Same time work.
Michael Battis: Yeah.
Christian Sheerer: Actually, it doesn't work for me, so never mind. I just went mute. Or maybe it muted on my end. Ray, can you hear him? I can't hear anybody.
Ray Fu: I can hear you, but I can't hear Michael. Oh, oh, you guys, you're back.
Michael Battis: Am I back?
Ray Fu: Yeah, you're back.
Michael Battis: I don't know what just happened there. I think it synced over to my phone. So anytime in the morning Wednesday or anytime after 3 o'clock on Wednesday. So I have a meeting two to three. A lot of people are out, you know, next week, you know, they take the extended extended holiday, but basically anytime in the morning till noon on Wednesday or anytime after three o'clock.
Christian Sheerer: Let's do three.
Michael Battis: Three were. Cool. Yeah, guys, I appreciate it. And Christian, thanks for having Ray join. Ray, thanks for the detail. I I'd rather have black and white conversation so, you know, we all can kind of get to the definitive goals or know if it's not going to work, so. We'll connect next week and see if it makes sense to continue to have more conversations. Absolutely.
Ray Fu: Sounds good. And happy to be here.
Michael Battis: Yeah, I really appreciate that, guys. Thanks again. Speak soon.
Christian Sheerer: All right, see you.
Michael Battis: Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3541895.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153211Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
