---
title: Nickel Demo Request - Lyle Applbaum
date: '2025-09-26'
time: '16:30:29'
duration_sec: 1842.93
duration_min: 30.7
participants:
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- Lyle Applbaum <lapplbaum@fortisvs.com>
- David Goodnight <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 107
---

Lyle Applbaum: How's it going?
Christian Sheerer: What's up guys? I'm doing well. How are you?
Lyle Applbaum: Doing good, doing good. Thanks for taking the time to meet.
Christian Sheerer: Absolutely. Glad we could connect. I have a gist. Just doing some research before hopping on here, what you guys might be looking for, but that's typically how we start, you know, you. 30 minutes still okay?
Lyle Applbaum: Yeah, 30 minutes is fine. I mean we don't just want to see if nickel is right for us. Kind of 30 second overview of what we're looking for is a product that can pay our vendors via ach. We're a relatively new business. David's my business partner with me and we're going to be paying a lot of vendors in one off. Some are, some of them are going to be one off ACH payments and some are going to be, they're going to be reoccurring. So want to see the interface from our side. And then what would the vendor see as far as how they're entering their banking information? And then also some of the W9, 1099 stuff that you guys say is kind of in the works.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. What is a. What is what. What are the vendors doing for you?
Lyle Applbaum: So they're, they're real estate agents and, and they're doing broker price opinions all over the country. So we're never going to meet these people face to face. And they're providing valuations on homes and then. So they'll, they'll essentially bill us for, for the, for the, we'll give them an order and then, you know, we need a way to pay them essentially and.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. Have you, this is just getting started.
Lyle Applbaum: Just getting started. Yep.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. So no vendors have been paid yet. Do you have, do you have kind of a conception of how you'll do the, how you'll manage books and stuff like that? Some ERP type situation?
Lyle Applbaum: Yeah. Tentatively looking at QuickBooks, which I know you guys integrate with.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah. Sounds like you have it figured out. Did you look into any other billing solutions?
Lyle Applbaum: Bill.com is one that we've used in the past, so we know that Bill.com will work for us. You look relatively similar, but I, I haven't seen a lot of reviews. As far as nickel goes, you seem like you're a newer company. Is that, is that accurate compared to Bill?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, I mean, I don't know when they got started, but we're about three, four years old. Okay.
Lyle Applbaum: I mean obviously the, the big kicker with you guys is the, is the free ACHs, right. I think that's what's Drawing everybody to you. So, you know, that, that, that's what's, that's what perked me up as far as looking into what you can provide.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. Is that what, is that what would have you looking away from Bill? Bill. Perfectly good platform.
Lyle Applbaum: Yes. But you know, I also, you know, the free ach is nice. It's, it's not the absolute kicker for us. Like, we, we need it to be seamless so that I'm not micromanaging vendor payments. You know, I need to find a way that, that, you know, if I need to pay somebody $100, that, that, you know, here, here's a link. Enter your banking information and then I approve the payment.
Christian Sheerer: And is that micromanaging that. Was that your experience using Bill?
Lyle Applbaum: Not necessarily, but, but we're gonna have, you know, there's potential to have, you know, a few hundred of these per month.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. So that's like. Okay, cool. And it's usually around only about a hundred.
Lyle Applbaum: Yeah, let's just say 100, 100 to start.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. Awesome. Yeah, I can give a brief walkthrough. I think it's pretty foolproof in the sense that doesn't take too much time in the platform to figure it out. And so then we can sort of work backwards from how it fit into to a workflow that you guys have. So walk me through that as I pull it up. Like you're not seeing them, they'll send you a bill.
Lyle Applbaum: Well, so, so we're going to, we're going to send them on a job. Once that job is complete with the report that they send us, we kind of give the thumbs up and say, hey, Joe, Smith is, is ready for approval. Pay him his $100. And so whether we send them a link and say, hey Joe, here's the, the link to enter your banking information. Like that's, that's what I need to see from, from your side, what the workflow is there.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. I would recommend QuickBooks online if you're going to use us. Okay. Reason why is because it'll just sync two ways super simply. Also would recommend QuickBooks online even if you aren't using them or using us. I don't know. I think it's just probably, it's the best in class for these type of things. Bill will get created there and then come over into nickel. And that's what you're seeing with this little icon, this little green QuickBooks icon. And so I'll just go in, I make that payment, I can send him a check. It's Two bucks just for us to print the paper, cut it, and send it. Or I can pay via my bank, ACH for free. You can pay by card, 2.9% on that. And then if you have their account and routing number. Cool. But if not, you can, you know, go to a vendor. Yep. Create a new one. This will also swing sync into. Into QuickBooks. And I'll say, christian's going to be my vendor for today. Put his email.
David Goodnight: Christian, is this something we could send to the vendor to tell them to go in and create an account, or do we have to create the account for every vendor?
Christian Sheerer: No, that. So you're meaning. So you're just creating their email and. And their name. So this is what I'm doing. I'm sending it to them. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And so I can say, only allow ACH payments. If you want to be able to pay them by a check, you can. And then. So I'll pull up what that looks like on their end so that you don't have to store it on file. You always could, obviously, if you want. But that sort of takes out that, you know, time required and sort of ease of mind, I guess. Right. Like we're storing it securely.
Lyle Applbaum: So this is the email the vendor just got.
Christian Sheerer: Exactly. So, yeah, Degrade Distribution was my fake company that I have, and Christian is a vendor, and it says, hey, we want to send you money. And I'll go in and I have to fill out these details. Gets a little background on nickel and security so they feel comfortable putting their. Their stuff in there, their billing address, etc. And then their ACH and they'll have to connect to Plaid so we can do some verification to make sure they're not money laundering, et cetera. Okay.
Lyle Applbaum: And when they fill this out, we don't see their ACH information ever. Is that accurate?
Christian Sheerer: Okay. Yep. And I mean, you could always send them an email separately and then come back and into here. And when you're creating that vendor, you could always put their stuff in if you wanted to.
Lyle Applbaum: And what's the. What's the unique field that. That links the vendors? Is it email address or vendor name?
Christian Sheerer: Email address, their contact.
Lyle Applbaum: Okay, so if they already have a nickel account, say they're getting paid by Home Depot or whatever, is it going to. Will they. Is it going to link them already? So it'll say like, hey, we wanted to add Joe Smith. We noticed that his email is already linked with Home Depot. They've paid them through nickel. Is that sync through his ACH information there?
Christian Sheerer: That's actually a good question. I don't believe so.
Lyle Applbaum: Unique to us.
Christian Sheerer: I think it's unique to your list of vendors. Yeah.
Lyle Applbaum: All right, so next question is, is vendors, is there a bulk upload of vendors names and emails that we could do with, say, an Excel or CSV?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, we could do that for you. If it's coming in through QuickBooks, it'll do it bulk automatically. It'll just pull all the vendors, all the open bills already, and so you won't have to worry about CSV download upload. But if you have them all in a CSV, yeah, we could coordinate that.
Lyle Applbaum: So is that the best way to create an. An invoice for a hundred dollars in QuickBooks Online? It automatically shows up in nickel with the, with the vendor information already populated. Is that accurate?
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, that's correct. Okay. Yeah, that's the best way to do it. I mean, you can always do it and you can always create a new bill here and then it'll sync back into QuickBooks too. But yeah, we're not reinventing the ERP wheel and the invoicing features and line item Stuff in QuickBooks is quite good. And so the investment in our tech came at the payments infrastructure level. So that's what we replace from QuickBooks is like, rather than having to do it in Intuit, pay and pay per transaction, or rather having, rather than having to do it on bill and pay, like the 50, 60 cents or whatever per transaction, we're replacing those. And then, you know, it'll still sync up to the ERP in the way that the ERP should function. Okay.
Lyle Applbaum: And that's all relatively straightforward. Dave, you got any questions on that side?
David Goodnight: No, I don't think so. I actually, I think that our tech group is already or will be integrated with QuickBooks. So that might make it even more seamless to get the invoice in and set for payment, I'm pretty sure, I think. But I don't. I don't have any additional questions so far.
Christian Sheerer: Your tech group is that internal?
David Goodnight: Yeah, our software team.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool. And that is.
Lyle Applbaum: So.
Christian Sheerer: I guess I just want to understand.
David Goodnight: Well, the software is going to. Is where the vendors that we're going to pay are logging in to complete and fulfill their orders. So once it's finished and it's moved to completed status, I think our software company pushes it or has the ability to push it to QuickBooks as a completed order.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Yeah. Yeah, that happens a lot. Yeah, there's like project management software that links up to QuickBooks that we don't necessarily need to see. And then we just pull it once it's done from QuickBooks into nickel. Cool. Yeah.
David Goodnight: Because ultimately Lyle and I, we, you know, we want to be as streamlined as possible. Right. So vendor finishes a job, our software hits QuickBooks, says this one's finished and ready to go. And then, you know, at the end of the week or 30 days or whatever our vendor payment timeline is, we just want to go in, look at it, verify it, and then hit a button. And pay them all.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, and you can pay them all at once or you can make it bigger than seven rows too. You get all of them in one. If you're doing it on that cadence, it'll save the typical delivery method for, for them so that you don't have to do it. But if there's one that you didn't save, it'll show up as red. So you have to add that in there. Okay.
Lyle Applbaum: Explain the, the, the collecting, the W9s and 1099s that you guys have.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, 1099 should be ready by the end of this year. W9s, I think probably by end of the first quarter next year. But I don't have as specific of a timeline on roadmap with regards to W9s as I do for 10 neither.
Lyle Applbaum: That's ready. You can't collect W9s through your site at all yet?
Christian Sheerer: Yep. Correct. Okay.
Lyle Applbaum: Trying to think. I mean it's all relatively straightforward. How. How are you guys making money on the zero dollar plan?
Christian Sheerer: Credit card usage really is.
Lyle Applbaum: Is it that large?
Christian Sheerer: Okay, large enough. They hired me. That was expensive, but. No, I'm joking. But, but yeah, I mean, I'll say like our typical customer, like the founding story was around kind of the built world industries, I guess, for catch all term. Yeah. Construction, manufacturing, wholesale distributors, etc, and there's a lot of attractive things that credit cards might be able to do for them in terms of like cash flow as well as just being able to like move ach pretty fastly and cheaply. And so that's sort of where the bulk of our business comes is people doing maybe the same amount of volume but like a bit higher per transaction size. Like we sort of wanted to be able to go into conversations and be like, oh, you guys, you know, a small, a small bill might be $30,000. Right. Or a small invoice might be 50,000 because you're buying $50,000 worth of wood or avocados. And so that's sort of where, where the main focus on making it as Dead simple to use and then making the payment infrastructure complicated which we want to obscure from people because they shouldn't have to worry about it being that that's like our work. Right. Is to, is to make that. Well, it is complicated, but to make it simple on the top right on the, on the actual interface. And so yeah, that's, that's, that's where we earn a bulk of our revenue.
Lyle Applbaum: And, and, and just to confirm, I think I know the answer to this, but just want to verify the, the, the ACHs are coming directly from my bank account. I'm not putting a pot of money in with nickel and almost like having a separate nickel bank account. Is that accurate?
Christian Sheerer: That's correct. Yeah. It's our ambition down the line to do, to open that up for people in a way that would be beneficial for them. Right. It's not like we would mandate it for people yet. No, but it's a direct ach. Like you know, we send it through the typical, we have like industrial grade payment rails that are a little bit larger than what you can do on your, on your typical bank. Yeah. Yeah. All right.
Lyle Applbaum: I mean that's all relatively straightforward. And when the, when the vendor is setting up their account or receiving a payment, they have the option to say I want paid via ACH or mail me a check. And then if, yeah, you can disable.
Christian Sheerer: The check if you want because you'll just have to pay two bucks for the check.
Lyle Applbaum: Can I, can I push that $2 fee off on them? Not.
Christian Sheerer: No, I guess you could always add it as like a two dollar thing.
Lyle Applbaum: No, no. Yeah, up front and just say you, you know, take it out of the, the, you know, if I'm paying you $40 and you want paid via check then, then get, you're only getting $38 at the end of the day.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, pretty pretty much. People will, you know, bend to the will of the person paying them. So if you just are like hey, this is going to come ach. Put in your ACH details there. So yeah, you know.
Lyle Applbaum: Okay, so we can turn off the, the ability because I, I don't want any more fees than, than, than are needed.
Christian Sheerer: So yeah, you can require ach. Okay.
David Goodnight: Yeah, that's Lyle, that's, that's the way to go.
Lyle Applbaum: Yeah, that's what I figured.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. And I think, I mean you might run into some stragglers like if know it's similar, a different focus. Like bill is focused on smaller transactions but like it's a similar type of idea. Right. It's like 80% of these B2B transactions are written on checks. Just still crazy even in 2025. And so like, that's what we're trying to replace. We still have used. Can still kind of check with us just to make it super easy for those stragglers who are stuck in, I don't know, 1995. But, but yeah, that's, that's. We make it kind of simple to do that. How do you guys get paid? Do you know yet?
David Goodnight: Yeah, it's going to be either, either check or direct deposit, depending on client.
Christian Sheerer: Would it be useful to have that kind of wrapped into one platform that you're using?
David Goodnight: Yeah, I mean, it would be great. I don't, you know, don't know if the clients would get into it, but it's definitely something that we would try to push on them.
Christian Sheerer: What would their kind of not getting into it look like?
David Goodnight: Well, I mean, a lot of them are just set in their ways and for the last, you know, 10 years, they just, they get their accounts receivable Excel spreadsheet at the end of the month and they approve it and they want to cut the check and mail it. So sometimes it's a little difficult to get them caught up on the technology.
Christian Sheerer: You think if they just eat. So you think they would be averse to having like a similar type of process I showed you on the vendor side where they just kind of come in and, and then, and put it in there.
Lyle Applbaum: It's going to depend on each, each individual client because we're, we're dealing with banks. So as you know, banks are very set in their ways, especially when it comes to payments. You know, that's why you guys are here, is because they're antiquated.
Christian Sheerer: I hear you. Yeah. I mean, I'm just opening up the conversation about AR being possible too, through us and having it be unified again. There are many customers of ours who still have stragglers who will pay them by a check and then they just manually come in and market as paid in nickel. So they still have like a receipt, I guess, or, you know, a receipt of that transaction being made and then it's like marked as paid outside of nickel. But there might be a way that you guys actually like, quicken up that process because, you know, a check typically has to be signed by executive, but somebody can pay an ACH pretty quickly if they're, you know, with access to the account and routing number. And so it usually turns on, turns down collection time from like the 10 days from when you send an Invoice and then get the check and then can drive it to the bank and deposit it down to around the two that it takes for the ACH to clear. Or the one that it takes if they're paying you by card, to clear. Yeah. So a little bit different customer base that you guys are dealing with than our typical customer who's a lot easier to have that conversation with their customers about because they're like, oh, cool. You know, I've used my email before, even though I'm not super tech savvy and I, I've clicked into links and I can just type it in, sort of be foolproof about it. And so that I think would, yeah, we've, I mean, we have, as you can imagine, like many of our large customers who are only operating on checks and then they started to use nickel. They didn't, if anything, it was a big efficiency boost rather than, you know, having to get bogged down into those conversations about. Yeah, yeah, how do I use a link? It's like, oh, just click it. It's a nice thing. Yeah, yeah.
Lyle Applbaum: So I know we only have a few minutes left. Show me that web interface again. I just want to have you poke around just to, because you're obviously familiar with it. This, this is my first time seeing it.
Christian Sheerer: So.
Lyle Applbaum: So you log in. This is your main page. Like, you know, show me summary.
Christian Sheerer: Like what, yeah, what, what, what, what. Are you looking for specifically?
Lyle Applbaum: I, I, I'm just seeing what you guys have built out. So latest transactions, that's going to be okay.
Christian Sheerer: Yep. All of them. Receivables, payables. A refund needs to happen. This is what the AR side looks like. So if I'm, you know, requesting a payment from Christian, I can send them a secure payment link. It's basically the same process, but in reverse as the, as the bill to a vendor situation. I can also charge them if I have, if I have, you know, authorization to charge them with their, with their payment method on file. So they even don't even have to think about it. They'll just get a receipt. Once that payment has been processed and moved, you can see all transactions and other reminders that I might have sent them. And when I open this link up to, so this is on the AR side, I'll go into my email again. Hopefully it's sent. Yep. They go in and they pay. Either I have it so that I'm eating all the fees here, but if you're passing those fees on to them, it'll show 2.99% but in this case to grow distribution. Me as the company is paying for that fee because I set it up. Some customers like to eat it for their customers or they just put it in their bank. Makes it like much faster than having to go outside, write a check, send it over to somebody to sign it and then they push it forward.
Lyle Applbaum: And this website here is at the degraw logo there.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. You, you, you'd customize this for yourself right here, I got you. Yeah.
Lyle Applbaum: So bounce through these tabs here. What's.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, this is just. I'm setting up the, the default of who pay. Who pays a credit card fee on an ar Ach. Do I want to turn it off? Do I want to only do cards or. Yeah, what have you. Do I want them to be able to edit the payment amount? Some people do that because they are on terms. Right. Hey, you can. I'm going to send you one invoice. You pay a quarter of it by this date, you know, y. That next quarter, what have you. And then this is my methods to pay out bills. Okay. And then these are members. So this is the difference between the free and the, and the, and the, and the. One of the differences between the free and the plus plan is I can have unlimited members in plus, but I can only have three in the core. Okay. And that just. You can set different permission access across different people. So maybe somebody on the tech team is just able to see stuff but can't do anything. Yeah, it's all straightforward there, what have you. Yeah. And then I can always upgrade if I want to or, or move into annual pricing if I need to. And then these are the notifications that people will get. They're all turned on usually. And you can also CC yourself. Okay. And all the, all the stuff that the vendors will see. Got it. Billing, this is just, you know, what you pay to us and then security for you.
Lyle Applbaum: What kind of two factor do you guys have? Is it. Is it text message or authenticator app? What do you have?
Christian Sheerer: It's a, it's an email.
Lyle Applbaum: Just an email.
Christian Sheerer: Okay. Yeah. Email of a code. All right.
Lyle Applbaum: And then integrations. Is that QuickBooks?
Christian Sheerer: That's QuickBooks, yeah. And then on those ad hoc ones.
Lyle Applbaum: Like zero is another one, I think.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. If you go to zero, I mean we're building out a zero integration API. But if you, you know, are doing a sufficient amount of volume for us where we will build an AI agent to go into your zero and pull it out and then put it in to nickel sort of act as like a 2025 type integration. I. That's my heuristic for saying, hey, you know, agentic integration is 2025 API, 2015. So. Yeah, but API is typically more preferred just because that's what people said on typically doing.
Lyle Applbaum: But like, yeah, you guys got QuickBooks, so we're, we're, we're fine with that right now. So show me one more time. Show me, show me bill pay on the left hand side there again. So here's.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, you can see you can queue up payments on plus. So just setting them to be paid out in the future or to be approved by an administrator. Yep. And then I'll just see all the ones that got paid and I can also mark them as paid if they're paid outside of nickel. Okay. All right.
Lyle Applbaum: I think that's all pretty straightforward as far as I'm concerned.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. Did you guys have. I know you're gonna start on the AP side. Did you guys have bills like you had ready to go already?
Lyle Applbaum: No, not yet. Not yet. We're just kind of lining everything up, so.
Christian Sheerer: Okay, cool.
Lyle Applbaum: When do you think it's going to be coming? Fast. So it could be, it could be next week, it could be two weeks. It's, it's gonna, it's gonna daisy chain real fast here. Coming soon.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah. No, the reason I ask is part of what I like to do as part of this process. It is super simple. Like, I've sold software before where I have to tell people, hey, get ready for four weeks of like figuring it out and implementing it with our team. This can. You can get set up to send a bill right now, really, like within an hour, maybe even less. Just as simple as like adding, you know, the account that you're gonna debit from. And so what I typically like to do is like, if people have transactions sort of like queued up, ready to go, we can get them on, they can test them out with nickel. I say test, they will go through. They're all, yeah, but. And then after that sort of set in a check in where we can review, troubleshoot any, like, workflow questions that you have that we need to refresh based on our conversation today. And then also, you know, if there's a new thing that pops up or you're like, oh, actually I think we probably do want to do the AR side, like, show me how to do that. We can set that time for then and make a game plan to move it into like a gravy train. Hey, you guys are all set up and ready to go. And, And. And it's fluent. Yeah. Okay.
Lyle Applbaum: All right, well, that's. That's. That's all the questions I have for today. I think I'm pretty good.
David Goodnight: Yeah, same here.
Christian Sheerer: Did you guys want to put tentative check in time after those first. First batch of payments out goes through?
Lyle Applbaum: All right, well, David and I are going to put our heads together and. And talk through this one more time and. And then. And then we'll go from there.
Christian Sheerer: Cool. So, yeah, I'll just send a recap of our conversation, like, kind of point out where we think we'll. We'll. We'll be valuable for you guys. I'll throw a link in to get nickel.com. it's pretty simple onboarding. And then if that comes up, I'll make a note to reach out in, like, two weeks, I'll see all the transactions of all the accounts that I'm talking through so I can. I can double check if anything comes up. And then I'll make a note to reach out and see if. If it's worth having another conversation to help think through how those first ones gone have gone and. And what the next ones might look like.
Lyle Applbaum: All right, that works perfectly. I appreciate it.
Christian Sheerer: Beautiful. Yeah. Thank you for making the time.
Lyle Applbaum: Yeah, thank you.
Christian Sheerer: Yeah, no problem. Happy to help. See you.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4057677.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153218Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
