---
title: Nickel Demo - Tom Leenheer
date: '2025-09-05'
time: '19:59:51'
duration_sec: 1813.34
duration_min: 30.2
participants:
- Ray Fu <ray@getnickel.com>
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
- Tom Leenheer <thomas.leenheer@huntington.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 116
---

Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Directly. Okay, great. I'm not surprised. So, I apologize if there's any confusion in next message.
Ray Fu (Nickel): No, it's all good. Just to give you a little context, and maybe Scott has already shared some of the information, but so we've been in pretty frequent contact over the last couple of weeks with the Huntington Bank. I actually have a personal relationship over there. One of my old colleagues, Alice, actually just started as the head of. Yeah, she and I actually, she and I go all the way back. We've been working together the past six years and she joined Huntington Bank recently to lead up the venture studio team. So that's actually how I got connected with Igor. So I was the reference check for Alice. So Igor actually called me as part of the reference process and Igor and I completely hit it off. We spent maybe like five minutes talking about Alice and the rest of the time was like talking about what you do make and just a bit only on Nickel in ways that we could potentially collaborate together. And then Igor handed me off over to Hassan Scott and the rest of the team. And we actually connected about two weeks ago as we were wrapping up our Series A. And it seems like there's continued interest on both sides to be able to see how Nickel could be a good fit for hunting this customers and potentially partnership up on the distribution side or potentially even more. So that's the context I wanted to give you. I don't know if I'm just repeating myself and if you already have that information, I should buy figure. I just, you know, give you a go here.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I mean, so, I mean, A, thank you for sharing that and B, you know, I did not know that beforehand. I didn't know about the Alice. I've got the chance to talk to Alice several times. Great people. Cool. Yeah. She's super excited. Like, we haven't got to work a lot because she's new and then she went on a trip, but she's back. I think that's good to know. And I think part of the reason they may have me reaching out is I have my background before ventures is in treasury management and payments.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Okay.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I guess probably the closest thing on the Ventures group strategy and Ventures team at Huntington actually having, you know, sold and worked with, you know, cash flow automation products. So they probably consider, you know, I have some lens on, like, the solution set and how it benefits. You know, I mean, I think one of the asks here is, like, really looking for, like, a generic AI sort of difference makers. Right. What's really emerging for the latest and greatest. I mean, this is a trap. You know better than me. Right. And. But I will say I love these type of solutions. I am. I'm very passionate about our Pursuit for them because, you know, 15 years selling and both individual contributor and Leadership to this is. Right. Like these are the type of tools they need. They are tired of playing in the three different disparate systems to manage their cash flow. They're looking for ways to do it. But like what worked 10-15 years ago and selling ACH and remote deposit for a bank is not enough anymore. And you're not going to be able to add something that really helps them integrate their ERP. You're just wasting your time because other banks are going to be doing it. So I'm a huge proponent of the Nickel, what you guys do and the solutions that you add. And I think part of it was. Like. My understanding is I was supposed to work towards setting up a demo with a larger audience and maybe that's intent were they was any of that? Like, because I think my job is to say, Hey, you know, if you want to like let me know who the right people are, I'd like to get back with you to like get some of our payments team involved and come see a capabilities and sort of drum that up.
Ray Fu (Nickel): So absolutely that that sounds terrific. And, you know, we didn't we didn't walk away with anything super super tangible the last time, you know, I connected with the team about two weeks ago. I think we kind of put a rough stick in the sand of Hey, you know, in a couple of weeks once Nickel is done wrapping up the closing of our series A, let's get back together and figure out like, you know, for Huntington's internal group and potential, you know, customer audience, like what are some of the top features that are top of mind for folks and really like figure out a set of prioritized use cases so that when we do go into that conversation, we can bring all of our guns blazing and really show the right things for that group. So maybe that's, you know, if you're open to it, maybe that's one thing that we can kind of COVID today is just based on your knowledge of the internal folks as well as the customer customers that you guys are looking to solve, like what are some of the most critical use cases that would be interesting for us to be able to go through? Because, you know, we have quite a few efficiency sites and things that we're trying to tackle. So we want to make sure that we're coming into that meeting and planning the right things to share.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I can, you know, I can sort of, I mean, My understanding, right, is we have capabilities. They're disparate, right? Like, you know, we do what most normal banks or size could do. We can help you with ACH. We've got a payments platform. We got, you know, there's some limited ERP connectivity. Like, you know, we have a QuickBooks connector, right? Outside of QuickBooks, you're really going to have to, like, export data, import data. It's not a great solution. You know, we have some electronic invoicing capabilities. My understanding is, I didn't have it when I was selling, but it's not the easiest solution to sell.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Okay.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: You know, there's not much on the payable side at all for as far as like, I mean, we have an integrated payable solution, but it's very much tied to our corporate card program. It's very much for X amount of customers that spend X amount of millions of dollars a year. So if you're not, if you're not putting two, three, four million a year in card or more, this solution isn't going to really pay for itself. It's not going to help you. We have an integrated with sequels referral partner in Versa pay. Let's face it, they're for 10, 000 invoices and above. They're not priced for your medium to, to, you know, middle market type businesses. It's just the place work for them. You know, they're talking thousands of dollars for the automation they bring, but that's because they automate tens of thousands of invoices. So there's a wide swat. And then we've solved a little bit for the micro side, but there's a swath in the middle from, you know, we can call it five, 10 million. I don't like using Revenue numbers because it's more about complexity that is Revenue. Right. You know, you could have a hundred million dollar company that sells four presses a year. You could have a 10 million dollar company that sells 10, 000 t-shirts a year.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Yeah.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: It's much more complex to operate than the other. Right. Regardless of the dollars involved. So I tend to lean more into complexity, but. We don't have much to solve for in the middle there from a, you know, an all-in-one, you know, solution that, hey, I love it here and I can do a lot of what I need to do from this one place right now. You're back in your ERP, you're going into online banking. They're not a combined experience at all. So I bring all that together and offer whatever I, whatever the platform is I log into, I don't have to. Back and forth. There's a, there's a, there's an information that makes it worth paying for. Because when I do know, this is, everybody says they don't like paying bank fees. They do when you make it easier and they see the value, they'll pay whatever you ask because they don't like doing this. Right. The world companies hate cash flow. Why is it so much? Pardon my French. Right. Because they just don't like doing the cash flow. They like their widgets, they like sell sales, they like designing. The bills is not something that most business owners, this is the best part of the job.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Tom, you should just do my pitch for me here. That literally sounds like our serious, a dagger in pitch here. We've heard that over and over again from our customers, which is, I'm amazing at the trade that I grew up in and spent my entire career doing. But when it comes to my financial back office, I freaking hate it. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't have a sophisticated team who can actually run all those different workflows, right? Whether it's payments or or cash flow or payroll and everything is spread out across a bunch of different tools. Even something as simple as payments, I'm probably, you know, putting part of my payments on Huntington Bank, I'm putting part of my payments on Chase's cars. I'm doing payroll on this other platform. I don't have a single place to go to, to be able to get the definitive information for every single dollar coming in and out of our system. And that's really what we are trying to be, right? Starting with payments to be able to handle all of your revenue coming in and all the bills that you're paying, but then adding a bunch of agile workflows on top of that, expanding into other financial services, whether it's investment program or things like payroll. So you're absolutely saying all the right things as music to my ears.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: And I think one of the, like I said, I mentioned that, right? Originally, when we were, when it came, we've been looking at automation companies for quite some time. There's been on and off projects around that, right? But this latest ask is much like it's migrated or evolved, I should say, into just more of a, hey, who's on the edge here? Who's really going to start leaning into the agenda? Right. We all know that that's coming, right? We all know that's where that happens.
Ray Fu (Nickel): So I'm curious on the agentic side, right? Are there specific areas where you're hearing a lot of pull from the customers? Is it more on the revenue side and being able to accept payments? Is it on bill pay and being able to categorize recepts, right? Have you heard some of these things.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Or... We've looked at AR only solutions. We've looked at AP solutions in a perfect world. They want one. It's hard to find a unicorn. You probably know that better than me. Right. Both sides really well and can support larger, you know, larger life cycle companies.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Yeah.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: It's like the, you know, the functionality built in to do both, right? I mean, you know, there's platforms I've looked at like, and this is not probably the best example, but like a fintanium is one of them.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Okay.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Honestly, the list of companies that do both well is not that long, in my opinion.
Ray Fu (Nickel): There's three or four companies and they all have their own limitations. And I would add, Nick, to that three-four company side. And to be frank with you on how we position ourselves and without our platform, where our platform really thrives, right? Even though we do both revenue and bill pay. So money coming in and out of your platform where our strength is and we really differentiate is actually the money coming inside and less on the bill pay side. And that's very much by design because we genuinely feel that bill pay is a little bit more commoditized across the board, right? You have a bunch of platforms that all have bill pay, but revenue is the hard part to get. And revenue is the thing where if you have someone on your platform, they're using your platform to send invoices and getting paid from their customers. They're not going to replace you anytime soon because the customers are used to that platform. And that's like a very sensitive thing. So for us, we're very focused on the revenue side and one of the new features that we're actually in the testing and development phases right now is very close to launching is actually the first agentic payments voice agents. I don't know if this is something that you hear from your customers, but it's pretty common with ours, mostly manufacturers and distributors, which is a lot of their customers are really old school today. They don't like using online systems, right? They don't check their emails much and they still want to make payments the old school way, which is they're going to call up this business and say, Hey, can you pull the two or three invoices I have? Can you confirm how much it is? Let me just give you my credit card number and make that payment, right? So we are actually launching the first agentic voice agent to do that automatically. So you can call up, yeah, so any one of our merchants, One of their customers can actually call up this Nickel number, right? Give them their name, their email, which is a quick verification, and then you can say, Hey, can you pull up and tell me all the invoices I have? And the agent is going to say, well, you have three outstanding invoices. Invoice one, invoice two, invoice three, the total of it, it's $10,000. Do you want to make a payment? If so, how much do you want to pay and which ones do you want to pay? And you say, well, okay, yeah, let me pay all three of them. And then the agent can say, okay, let me pull up your information. Oh, I actually have your credit card on file because you paid before. Charge the Huntington Bank card that's on file. And just so you know, it's going to be a 2.9% fee on top of that. Okay, that sounds good. Just run it and send me a receipt.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: You got it done.
Ray Fu (Nickel): And then everything gets reconciled perfectly on the back end, whether it's with QuickBooks or another ERP system. So just spitballing here, but based on what you told me, maybe that's one of those use cases where we can start putting in front of some folks and that could probably get quite a few folks internally and probably your customers on board excited as well if they look anything like our customers Yeah, no.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I think that's right down the line that we're interested in, right? That merchant, that I don't call it a marketplace, right? But that sort of ability to connect all these merchants together and make it easier for procurement, make it easier for people to get their bills paid. Yeah. That'S one of the things that they've been interested in in this exploration. I wish I had a dedicated list of requirements which always here to say, okay, this is exactly what we're looking for. I don't think it's that exact at this point. I think it's who fits these sort of into the agentic, like who fits into these sort of general categories. And we, right, we want to, like, sort of really kick the tires on. I don't know the immediacy or the timeline associated with the project.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Right.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Because sort of early on, right, we're sort of in the discovery phase. But I do think, I mean, knowing that, that you have that connection to Alice, I mean, I feel that's a really strong play for nickel. That's a great sign. I'm a little agnostic, right? I think all the solutions are cool, but at the end of the day, you know, it's, it's just one of those things. And I come in a little backwards. I was like, oh, I can't say this is the, the only company that I've met this week that said, yeah, we've been talking to you on the saw. And I'm like, nobody told me. I don't mean this way.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Oh, it's all good.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I need to contact the Nickel. Like, it sounds like there was a contact. But anyway, yeah, I appreciate the chance to get to meet you and. I think if I could work with you Ray in setting and getting you some dates here in the next week or so, I'll innovate next week. So probably when I get back or the multitask during too, but I'll look to identify, like I just need to nail down who our audience is here because it's the moving target a little bit, but I want to make sure we got the right payment SMEs in the room on the receivable side. We need to on the payable side too, but Sounds like we might want to lean into the receivable side a little bit more here. Payables, which makes perfect sense. And go from there. So, yeah, everything's working out of California as well. Are you out in San Francisco or?
Ray Fu (Nickel): I'm in New York, actually.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Okay. You guys probably aren't Finimate. Are you guys around next week?
Ray Fu (Nickel): We are. Wait, I'm actually not too familiar with this.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I didn't see you on the Finimate list, so I'm guessing- no, no, no, we're not. Not.
Ray Fu (Nickel): But if you're gonna wait, is Finovate in New York? Am I crazy?
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Finovate fall is it always the round September 11th, you know?
Ray Fu (Nickel): Oh, it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Finovate fall. We typically go to money 2020. That's kind of like the big one for us.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Money 2020. We actually bring one of the large, we bring one of the largest contingent of, of people from a bank of any, I think. Country. Like, we had 40 some people there last year from Huntington.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Oh, my gosh. Are you going this year? I think I'm actually, I'm gonna be there this year, so we can also, we can, yeah, we can plan to, like, you know, either meet up next.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Week or we can, we can do the conference, believe it or not, like, in the Venetian, we have these, these rooms off the sports books. So I think we got some, some, you know, meet and greet in person.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Which would be great.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Yeah. We're still formulating our overall, like, strategy and content and schedule for it, but. We're just finally getting the final attendees from the bank that we start planning things out of there. Like I know our payments has its own room and its own objectives there. Side of just the stuff like we, I support enterprise wise. They're not just payment ops and, you know, consumer banking. We get involved in everything. Although most like my professional experience at a bank is in payments and a little bit of operations, but mostly payments and treasury management. Yeah.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Oh, that's great. We should definitely grab some time during money 2020. And listen, I know I have a connection there with Alice and I'm always looking for another opportunity to be able to partner up with her. But I also want to make sure that if you guys are choosing a solution here, you're choosing the best solution, right? So don't love that relationship, get in the way or anything. I genuinely feel like we have one of the best solutions out there, especially when we're talking about larger payment size and for the industrial SMB space. And we want to be able to, you know, sell you on that, not just our strong relationship with the folks on the team. As far as next step goes, I think it's very clear on what we can potentially show off in a quick demo. Definitely prioritize revenue, prioritize the agenic side. We can show you some of the other stuff as well that makes our AR platform unique. But I'm curious on how you guys are thinking about this partnership. I think when Scott, Hassan, and I kind of talked about it, it's been a little bit high level. We didn't get into the weeds of if you do partner with whether it's Nickel or another platform, what would that distribution look like? Would it be in a white label capacity? Would it be more of a loose partnership that's referral based? What is best for Huntington and for your customers? What is the vision there?
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: So I think it's too soon to tell. I think that's one of the great, right? So I will say there's multiple models that we deploy here, right? So we have, I mean, they have white label, right? Which I think in any bank's world is an ideal stage because Huntington cares about we love the digital. I want our customers to feel that we're providing this, even if it's a power drive like that. Yeah, I don't want to get too far ahead there. We do have some strong, like we, like I mentioned, we do have some referral relationships. If the tech lift is too high or maybe it's the solutions right, but it's just not the right time for that type of white label solution, or maybe it's a POC to really figure it out. So I there's, there's a number of different ways it could play out at the end of the day, but, so I think it's a little too soon to tell. Most of them are white labeling, but, you know, there's, you know, we entertain JVs. We've entertained any that seems to make the most sense of bringing the product to market and adding a little customer satisfaction. Right. So, you know, it's just, it's one of those. It's, so, yeah, I wish I could lay it out. I mean, in a perfect world, I just tell you white label. That thought for the new things. You know, they have not, I think we're just still in that strategy formation of finding who would the right potential Partners be before we, because some Partners might be open to that and some wouldn't be. So. But, I mean, if it's the right solution, do you not offer the right solution because it can't have your brand on it? I don't know. Right.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Fair enough.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I think ultimately the business gets involved. They start to have, like, the business is really the decision makers more than Ventures is. Right. We're more. To me, we're more of the eye openers and facilitators. We help them get to a selection and then once they make a selection, we help bring it to reality. But ultimately, the business makes the selection because they're the ones that have to own it. They're the ones that have to sell the solution. I don't get to go out and sell it unfortunately, right?
Ray Fu (Nickel): Fair enough. Listen, I've been in your shoes before, so I completely understand where you're coming from. And for the business, there's a lot of things that can be prioritized here and trying to find the right partner, right? Technology is obviously part of it. Ingenio workflow is part of it. Ice is part of it. The UI functionality is part of it. Here's what is really important. Like if you have to pick on one or two things that you think the business prioritizes over others in a partnership, what would that look like?
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I think it's a company that wants to work with a bank like Huntington, right? And it's evidence in early conversation. Like I've done enough of these and worked with enough fintechs and like you start to see the sides, right? Is are they experienced? Can they handle this? Right? Is our bank gonna scare them off or make them feel like, you know, you get our MSA and it's like, oh my gosh, like what are these guys trying to do? It's like personal, we're a federally regulated bank and the no one banks interested in is protecting themselves from reputational risk or something else, right? Yep. It's just, you know, to me it's a partner that has has a level of maturity to deal with a bank our size. They can deal with some of the frustrations of a bank our size because we're a big machine and they don't always talk to each other as evidenced by this call, like we probably should. And then I think it has a very clear vision and roadmap for how the product evolves and how it attaches to just the rapidly changing technology space with AI especially, right? But to me, it's like the iPhone just launched and oh my gosh, look what's going to happen in 10 years, right? I mean, we can talk all how helpful JF TTP is right now. Forget about that. What is JF TTP in five years? It's going to blow JF TTP away. Whatever you think it can do for you today, it's going to do twice as much and better, smarter five years from now. Maybe scary, scarily so, but I'm an avid, I love Jarvis. I named my chat TTP Atlas is my name. Work. Chat to be blows co-pilot away. I'm so sorry, Microsoft, but it's not even. Yeah, I can't use it. Oh, no. I don't know. Like, for work, tragic searches and stuff, right? I have to keep it pretty, pretty generic. It's protected, and I can get pretty specific. But, you know, it's, it's one of those things that it's one of those things that they. They, you know, but I, I think that's what they're most focused on. Like, is this a bank that wants to partner, or is this a company that wants to partner with a bank like Huntington? Like, I'll pick on, I mean, I won't say the name of one, but there's one we reached out to that, you know, they don't have any partner model. They've never done it before. Right. And even though they have a great solution, that's, like, we're gonna be like, you know, you're not even sure if you want to, then we might be wasting our time already because. Yeah. And it's okay. Like, you don't want to not the bank's not forcing anything here. That tells us, hey, you don't have any experience with it. It's going to be harder to be tougher for us to try to pull this through because you just admitted, like, you've never done this. You've never even thought about doing it. Right. Right. You know, and, and you're in your, their pitches, like, we want to do your receivables or payables.
Ray Fu (Nickel): And it's like, well, that's not really what I'm calling.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Yeah, got it. Look. Banking solution for our customers, right? Right.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Well, Tom, I have some good news for you, which is, you know, I'm willing to bet that compared to all the other companies that you've probably spoken to, we're probably one of the earliest stage. But despite the fact that we've only been around for about two years today, you know, we're going to wrap 2025 processing about billion dollars worth of payments for our customers. And on the back end, I'm willing to bet that we are probably one of the most mature We probably have one of the most mature payments infrastructure, especially for a company of our size. And we are definitely not only not averse to partnering with the banks, we already have some very strong relationships on the back end. So all of the infrastructure that we have built out on the payment side, all of that is in-house. We're not using a PayFact as a service. We're not using a Stripe in the background to run our payments. We have a direct integration and set up a separate banking core with Grasshopper Bank to be able to move all of our funds and be able to set up checking accounts for our customers, et cetera. On the credit card side, we are in the process of setting up our own payback with SBB, right? And we are looking to get our own money transfer license over the next 18 months or so and be able to diversify the partner banks that we have so that we have additional layers of redundancy. So we very much recognize that in order to be successful and to thrive as a new entrant in this space, you can't just avoid financial institutions. It's actually much smarter to embrace them early on and really build out infrastructure. So from a compliance legal and complexity perspective, this is stuff that we've been through already, although Grasshopper is not as large as Huntington Bank. So I'm sure there's going to be some learnings for us as well as we go through that process, but that's definitely not something that scares us away as a company or something that we feel really comfortable with.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Yeah, no, and that's great to hear, Ray. And age is not detractor, right? I think it's just like, hey, you guys have had a vision of having bank partners potentially, right? There's a, so, and I love hearing that you're a mature payment stack. I think that all helps with IT. If we get to that point, you know, prod or ask some questions that just adds your credibility and it adds to getting the bank comfortable about that sort of thing, right? So, No, I think it's awesome. I mean, I'm looking forward, like, I want to see the demo, and I think that's part of the reason why they have it.
Ray Fu (Nickel): So amazing.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: You know, so I think this is going to be fun. It's. I owe you some dates. I'm going to assemble the audience, so I should probably get back to you in a week. There'll be a couple different options because the number of people, they're not all scheduling is such an art. It was a science. It's an art. But we use our admins to help and get through people's calendars. We love meetings at Huntington, so everybody seems to have them all day long, so we just got to prioritize. And then we'll get to the right people. And when we do that, I will share with you who the audience is. I will share a high level agenda. I will like my job, I feel, to some extent, is to prepare you as best I can to give you the best forward. So I think that's pretty cool. And, hey, what part of New York are you in, my channel?
Ray Fu (Nickel): We're in Brooklyn. The entire team lives and works out of Brooklyn.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I'm starting to get like, I don't know, before this ventures job, I was probably the least traveled person in the bank, but for sure I've covered the almost feels like the state of Ohio in some way. But, you know, it was not much of a New York. I'm not going to say expert that's insulting, but at least knew anything. But I think this is my sixth or seventh trip to New York in two and a half years. Actually, stand where Brooklyn is now. It's not just a reference to Spider-Man so, like, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, like, I know so Hall. Like, I've learned the time squares.
Ray Fu (Nickel): There you go. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. We don't say those words.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Oh, yeah, it's awful. They're like, it is overcrowded and touristy, and it is not really New York City. I'm sorry, man.
Ray Fu (Nickel): You're becoming a true New York and so virtual, like.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Advertising from New York, but it is not really New York City, right? So I appreciate getting off the beaten path around the city. We did a pretty cool, we were trying, we have this brand to the future concept where they sent us a bunch of different flagship stores that are located across New York. That was a lot of fun. I got to see parts of the city I hadn't seen before. One really cool place called the Genesis House for Hyundai. I thought it was one of the coolest concepts I'd ever seen.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Oh, that's cool.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: I haven't even seen that. Well, they don't like. It's their brand for Hyundai, right? They're higher end brand. And they have different cars in there, but it's more of an event and meeting space with this sort of Korean restaurant on the second level. And then a cool sort of event space in the basement. And on the first floor is like, nice cars, all these, like, different colors of their door, like, the doors are all it's.
Ray Fu (Nickel): But they don't sell the cars there.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: They don't. They just tease you about it. Just a brand. Brand awareness space, which I thought that's cool. So, you know, anyway, I digress, but no, Ray, can I get, like, maybe I'll put my email in the chat. I don't know if I got your direct.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Yeah, let's do that. Yeah, you got, you got around Robin to one of my account executives, but let me give you my email here.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Eric Calendly thing. So I found the right person already. That's not always the easiest thing to do. Okay, person.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Yeah, great. I will get your email. Yeah, let me, so what I can do on my end is let me Let me share with you a little bit more material about us as well. I can share with you this memo that we have written up as part of our fundraising process and also our deck so that you can get a better sense of where we are as a business, what the product looks like, what that roadmap that we envision kind of looks like, to give you more context. I'm more than happy to kind of shoot over some menu demos as well, if that's helpful, just so that you can see a little bit of the product, a little bit of that genetic workflow, and maybe just get people jazzed up before that first Perfect.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: That's great. And like I said, like once we get that on the calendar, if I get anything else that makes sense, we can pull up on another call, have the conversation. Just like I said, my job is we'll get you as informed as you can, tell you who's coming to the meeting, what they've been looking for. I have been a part of a couple of these, so I, you know, and all the efforts in the past. So I do have, as the audience comes together, I have a little more intel to share with you. I feel like you're a little bit of friends of the family with Alice connection. So I I'll do everything I can to help you guys put your best foot forward.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Yeah, no, I appreciate it, Tom. I appreciate it. This has been a really fun conversation and keep me posted on Monday 2020.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Will do. Appreciate it.
Ray Fu (Nickel): Ray, have a great weekend.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Weekend.
Ray Fu (Nickel): You too.
Tom Leenheer - Huntington Bank: Bye bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3701177.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T153905Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
