---
title: Megan Jacoby and Jacob Greenberg
date: '2025-07-31'
time: '16:29:34'
duration_sec: 1487.81
duration_min: 24.8
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Megan Jacoby <megan@thirdoptionfoundation.org>
- Ker'en <keren@thirdoptionfoundation.org>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 117
---

Megan Jacoby: . you see me?
Ker'en: I just saw the email about starting late.
Megan Jacoby: Yeah, I was about to log in. And I. Noticed that too. But it looks like maybe he opened this up and then we'll just be in here until he joins.
Ker'en: Yeah, I think, I guess so. And I, I guess this is like the AI transcription thing.
Megan Jacoby: Yeah, I, I guess, I'm guessing too. I guess, I think you're right. Okay.
Ker'en: Well, six minutes to go.
Megan Jacoby: What'd you say?
Ker'en: We got six minutes to go.
Megan Jacoby: Can you bring me a paper towel or a napkin? Thank you. Smell my waterfall.
Ker'en: I'm going to message you in our chat so I don't get recorded.
Megan Jacoby: Oh my gosh, I just spilled again. What is wrong with me? Friend, I'll be right back. . .
Jacob Greenberg: Hi, Ker'en, can you hear me?
Ker'en: Hi, yep, I can.
Jacob Greenberg: Hey, I'm so sorry about running a bit behind there.
Megan Jacoby: That's no problem.
Jacob Greenberg: How's your day going?
Ker'en: It's pretty good, actually. Thanks for asking. How about yours?
Jacob Greenberg: So far, so good. Nice. Well, Megan.
Megan Jacoby: Hi, Jacob, how are you?
Jacob Greenberg: Good, how are you?
Megan Jacoby: Good, thanks.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome, so I know that you guys probably have a lot you want to talk about and you have a hard stop in 22 minutes here, so I just want to make sure I'm respectful of your time. Could you give me a quick background about your foundation and a little bit what you're looking to use NCHS for?
Megan Jacoby: Yeah, absolutely. We're a small nonprofit based in Northern Virginia. We support veterans and their families with a variety of different programs. and we have a staff of eight and then a couple contract employees as well. And we are, Ker'en is fairly new to the team and the two of us are looking to basically upgrade our accounts payable system. We do a lot of things manually today. We use QuickBooks online, but the processes The AP process is very cumbersome in terms of we get most invoices emailed to us, some sent through signal or text or variety, kind of a variety of ways we have to manually input everything and then pay separately. And so we're just looking to streamline and make everything a little bit smoother.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, great. Yeah, happy to help out there. So this is all for the accounts payable side. and so are you currently using QuickBooks Pay or do you just use what's your accounting system?
Megan Jacoby: Just for our accounting software, yes.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And so you're paying in various different ways?
Megan Jacoby: Yes, yeah. Some checks, some ACH and wire, some evens all payments. So yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Of course, yeah, I'm happy to give you guys a quick little demo. What have you heard about Nickel and how did you find us during the during your search for a new solution?
Ker'en: I was doing some research. I stumbled across you guys, honestly, just searching the internet and probably looking for, like, alternatives to some of the other ones that we had heard of, you know, and just sort of found you maybe in comparison lists. And the only information we had was whatever I looked at that day and don't remember at this point, but you were one of the ones we were like, oh, well, this might work for us. So let's find out some more.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I'm happy to walk you through it. I think it would be a pretty easy solution for you guys. My only question would be, are you ever making transactions like individual transactions that are larger than $25,000?
Megan Jacoby: Once in a while, yes.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. The only reason I ask is because we have two different platforms. One is Nickel Core, which is free to use. One is Nickel Pro, which is just $35 a month. Nickel Plus, excuse me, Nickel Plus has uncapped transaction limits, so you'll be able to do larger than 25,000. So if you don't have something planned for that size in the immediate future, if you wanted to start, you guys can sign up today with Nickel Core, test out some transactions and upgrade if you need to.
Megan Jacoby: I see, okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And then I'll show you a couple neat things that might be helpful for you if you guys do get donations or have an accounts receivable side at any point. But we'll focus on accounts payable right now for the remaining time on our call. Have you guys created an account yet or logged in, or is this your first engagement with Nickel so far?
Megan Jacoby: I think it's our first engagement. I can't remember if I put in my email address to set this up or not.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, sounds good. No worries. So this will be the Nickel homepage. This is going to be a summary of all of your transactions. We have some dummy data in here. Once you start having transactions, you'll be able to see all of your accounts payable over time. Another overview page of your transactions. So this is just going to organize. If you're getting all of your, if you're making all these payments through text or signal or email or different platforms right now, this is just going to consolidate it and make sure that you have a unified platform for you to see everything that you guys have spent money on. if you do have QuickBooks Online, we have a sync and integration with QuickBooks Online, and it's a two-way sync. So everything that you update for reconciliation purposes or any invoices that you want to create, if you do have accounts receivable in the future or to just update your accounts payable in QuickBooks will automatically sync to Nickel. Once you send a transaction to Nickel, it will also automatically sync back to QuickBooks, just making it Here much easier you would live for you mostly to out manage of the all Payables of your outbound tab.
Megan Jacoby: Spend.
Jacob Greenberg: You could download as a CSV if you'd like to. It's really easy to run through here and add any additional notes that you would like. We also have these easy to mark reconciled and flagged payments so that you can mark if you're manually reconciling things with QuickBooks. But for you, it should be pretty automated. I'll show you now, it's super, super quick and easy. the bill pay section. So this is where you guys will primarily live out of. Get paid is accounts receivable, bill pays for accounts payable. Here is an overview of all your bills. Once you sync with QuickBooks, you'll see this QuickBooks logo pop up next to the things that are getting pushed into Nickel from QuickBooks so that you know where it originated from. Here you can manage all of the vendors that you make payments to.
Megan Jacoby: Do you guys ever Or have recurring.
Jacob Greenberg: Is it all one-offs?
Megan Jacoby: Payments? It's mostly one-offs. Sometimes it's recurring.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha.
Megan Jacoby: Like our lease.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. I could walk you through creating a new bill and how to manage a recurring payment as well. Just makes it really easy for you to see all the payments you have outgoing. If you have a payment that you want to send in the future or a recurring payment that's upcoming, you can see all the ones that are queued. you can see everything that has been paid and just a view for all of them overall. If you guys do have an approval process and you need specific individuals, like if you had a board or if you had an admin that you wanted to make sure approved certain expenses before they went out, you can create custom workflows for certain payments over certain sizes or to certain people require an approval or denial action from whoever you decide. I'll walk you through creating a new bill now though. Okay. What you do is go in here and you click New Bill. You would enter your vendor. So most of your vendors are probably already logged in QuickBooks. That information will push into the system. So all of these, for example, have been pushed from QuickBooks. And we just click it here and it will have the information we need to send the bill. However, if you do need to request new information, from somebody who you would like to pay, you would type in that individual. So I'll type in me, Jacob employee as a new vendor. If I have that person's information, I can add it on my own, but I could also ask the vendor to securely fill out that form so that you don't have to worry about PCI compliance or security managing their private information. It's stored on the back end of Nickel and you have access to it. What's the given approval to send bills to? So, I'd type in my name or the vendor name. And I'll send this invite. And in a couple seconds, I'll show you what that looks like on your vendor side. For now, we could use an existing vendor, put in the payment amount.
Megan Jacoby: The.
Jacob Greenberg: Reason or invoice number. So, some people use invoice numbers. Some people prefer to have a purpose or reason for individual payments. and the due date. And here you could upload any documents that are associated with that specific transaction. So some people will upload invoices. You could also upload contracts or agreements, and you can upload however many PDFs or files you want to upload into that transaction. Here we see that this vendor is missing certain details. So when we go to make a payment, it's going to request some more vendor information options. But that's pretty much it. You choose the method by which you want to pay. You can select credit card, ACH, or even digital check. You get it when you want to pay. And so this is just walking me through entering the checking information, and then you just click send and pay.
Megan Jacoby: So.
Jacob Greenberg: What that looks like. I have a question.
Ker'en: So if we were to upload files, you know, receipts or invoices or whatever it is in there, where does that information get stored?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, great question. So that it's going to be stored on the transaction level. So each individual transaction is going to have that information in it. So this is on a vendor level. These are everything that's queued and everything that's been paid. And if you come in here and search for a specific bill, you could look for the transaction name, the purpose, the vendor, any specific information that is an identifier for that transaction. And you click into that transaction, all of that would be added as a note with a PDF attached to the bill. So a lot of these don't have example PDFs uploaded, but you would see that within this transaction. Once you make the payment, let's see. Let me see if I could send a payment for you. I don't have the false checking information autoloaded to show you what it looks like.
Ker'en: It's okay.
Jacob Greenberg: But it will come through here with a portal to receive the payment and all the information will be clearly stored within there. I'll show you an example of an invoice so you can see kind of the schematic that somebody might see on their side when they're making or receiving payments. So for example, if you're sending an invoice, a customer will see this page where they could pay by card or pay by bank. You'll have your logo and your design, and this is where the files will be stored. If there's more than one document, there will be a line of them. And then any text or description about that transaction will be here. It's a very similar interface for when somebody gets paid. It's mostly though more of a notification Hey, this is the details of the transaction. It should be settled in your bank account in this timeframe. And then this is the email, just so you have another understanding of the interface of when you request a vendor's information so that you can make a payment to them. It will say, XYZ, your organization wants to send you money via NACHA. Please fill out this basic info. When you click on this, this is the whole descriptor page right here. Get started and it will ask to fill out, you know, whether they're business or an individual. They only need to fill this information out once and then you guys can continue sending. But again, if you already have this information stored for vendors that you make recurring payments to, it will just push from QuickBooks.
Ker'en: Is there some kind of like vendor portal where a vendor can log in and see, you know, the payments that have been sent or ones that have.
Jacob Greenberg: Not or, Yeah, that's a great question. Right now there isn't a specific vendor portal. Vendors can sign up for Nickel and see all of those transactions on their own back end if they did create their own account, which is free to do. But we do have a general, the one portal functionality we have is more for the accounts receivable side right now, and it's just a very generic, people will embed this on their website. It'll be a link like make a donation or make a payment and it will open to this with your logo and your branding and they could put the reason or the amount for the payment. But to track their transactions that they've received from you, it's pretty much the email notifications that they're getting unless they have a nickel account of their own.
Megan Jacoby: Okay. Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: But it's very often that people, once they receive a payment from you guys on nickel, we'll just create a nickel account since it is free. And then they'll pretty much use that as their portal for the transactions that they have with you or other nickel users.
Megan Jacoby: That makes sense.
Jacob Greenberg: So I know I kind of sped through that pretty quickly to make sure I got the high level information to you. We still have a couple minutes here. And if you guys have any questions moving forward, like please don't hesitate to reach out. I'm happy to be a resource. But does this answer a lot of the questions or solve for the needs that you guys have? What are your thoughts on on using the solution?
Megan Jacoby: Yeah. I think you hit on all the questions that I had in mind. I think we're still trying to figure out exactly what would be best for us. So I don't think we're ready to sign up for sign up today or anything, but definitely this definitely is we'll keep in consideration. So it looks like a very clean, easy to use interface. That's exactly what we're looking for.
Ker'en: I do have one question, just because. So it's basically like a payment sort of portal platform that things pass through, but is there any way to like streamline the acceptance of invoices in here? Or is it all just like upload and manual entry?
Jacob Greenberg: The acceptance of invoices? Yeah. So walk me through the process that you're attempting to streamline right now.
Ker'en: Basically, we want a place where invoices can sort of live and not be in our inboxes, all of our different inbox, like a centralized kind of place to collect them and to not be like manually entered every single time that we need to make a payment. But I didn't know if that was possible through here or not.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, it would make it much easier for you guys to manage that information if the people who are making the payments were on nickel. Right, but it's going to not all of it if they're sending you individual invoices. But it just makes the payment portal for you guys a little bit more organized. It's automatically reconciling with QuickBooks and it's allowing you to have unlimited free ACH for your transactions to do so or whatever payment type you choose. It just makes it easy to pay via credit card, ACH check. To create custom portals for you to receive inbound invoices, it's usually that would be an additional step on behalf of the people that are sending out those invoices, right? So they need to, instead of sending invoices to five different people in the same manner that they choose, they would need to go to your organization, specifically log into your portal, use the system that you've decided. So usually that takes like, that's a different adoption metric. Typically what people do is they decide the way in which they want to do accounts receivable and then that's how they send out those invoices. So accounts receivable with Nickel is incredibly easy and there's a lot more benefits, I think, on the accounts receivable side, more so than just streamlining and organizing because it benefits both the people managing that AR process and the people that are paying on the other side of that AR process a little bit more. So if you have vendors that you work with frequently and you're like, Hey, make my life easier, you should sign up on Nickel, you absolutely do that. you get a $250 referral bonus if you do. And again, it's incredibly easy to get going. It's a very simple interface and it's free to get going on the core plan.
Megan Jacoby: I have a quick question. Did you say it's easy to export a report of all of the invoices that were paid into a CSV file?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, absolutely.
Megan Jacoby: So, like if we in all of the different fields would become columns in the CSV file?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. So you would you just come into here. And so for all of your approvals, all of your paid accounts, or for all of your get paid, you can export these as CSV.
Megan Jacoby: Okay. And so it would include the description and everything.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, any record that's embedded on the transaction level should be showing in the CSV as well. So it's a static version of everything that you see on the screen when you're on the browser.
Megan Jacoby: Okay. Okay. Great.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, pretty straightforward. And you guys can hop in there and start playing around with it without making any type of obligation or commitment. So if you wanted to get in an experiment and had any questions along the way, Don't hesitate to reach out.
Megan Jacoby: You have my contact. Okay, great. Thank you so much for your time today, Jacob.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. Of course. I'm happy to help.
Megan Jacoby: Yeah. I hope it works out and good luck.
Jacob Greenberg: Thank you.
Megan Jacoby: Thanks so much. All right. Bye, guys. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3088544.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195421Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
