---
title: Christian taylor and Jacob Greenberg
date: '2025-08-01'
time: '14:00:54'
duration_sec: 2616.92
duration_min: 43.6
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Christian Taylor <ct@geteqty.com>
- iPhone <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 122
---

Jacob Greenberg: . . . . . . . . . . Okay, cool. So I know we just caught up on the phone a little bit. Give me some more background. So you're already using the solution. You had some specific questions. Can you tell me a little bit about equity?
iPhone: So equity owns a business. It owns an arena property based in Enid, Oklahoma. So we have more of a, it's more of an event center arena. RV park, blah, blah, blah. So I just ended up signing up with our kind of parent company as opposed to the, what would you call it, as opposed to something like the main company for the arena. I just haven't set it all up yet. We're kind of getting some partners out, blah, blah, blah. So kind of starting from scratch in terms of banking because I wasn't previously handling those responsibilities in the past.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
iPhone: So we're about 150,000 square foot arena. We handle concerts, big and small. I think we hold about 15,000 people in the facility. We have a restaurant, we have an RV park, and we have a bar. So we've got a lot going on the property. That's in a nutshell what we are and what we do. We're kind of in a small town, kind of, but we're the big city, or let's say the main city is maybe eight minutes away, right? So we're not too far off. A lot of what has been done previously with the business has been more handshake deals, checks, when you deal with people in the rodeo industry, they're not, they're not generally paying with credit cards and debit cards and the general just checks in cash. And I really want to get away from that because we had a lot, we lost a lot of money, as you might imagine, by, by like shoddy accounting and not being, how about I put it? Not being, you know, well, there's been con, there's been contracts between like us and, the companies, but a lot of money's falling through the cracks. So this is more of an attempt to kind of alleviate that because we're dealing with bigger dollars. And it seems like the more money you have or the more money, the more something costs, the easier it is for it to fall for portions of that money to fall between the cracks.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. So just for a quick recap, You have this is primarily for one specific company under the umbrella of equity, and it's pertaining to everything happening in this event center that you're working with. Now, most of the people that you're receiving payments from or sending payments to, so on both the accounts payable and accounts receivable side, are primarily checks in ACH, not credit card.
iPhone: Oh, son. some cards, too.
Jacob Greenberg: Some cards, too.
iPhone: Got it.
Jacob Greenberg: What percentage would you say is cards versus non-card type payments?
iPhone: I really don't know that yet, because, again, I haven't, I haven't run the, the facility in a, in a while. So it's hard to say. I know once the bar is, we're doing a rental on the bar in the restaurant right now. So once those two things get get back fully operational. I would suspect the majority of our transactions will be, see we only accept checks in terms of events. Like that's the only time we accept checks. Most people who would do events, they wouldn't have credit card limits high enough to do that. And it probably wouldn't make sense for them anyway, unless they were just trying to max out on points. so once the, so to answer your question as the best I can, once the bar, like, so once the bar and such are back up and running, we'll see the majority of the transactions come there. The ACH and stuff like that, that's just really for events. And then for the RV park, the RV park, we do get a lot of check paying people who, for lack of better words, they're just so old school. They just, hey, I'd rather just write you a check type of deal.
Jacob Greenberg: Fair enough. So since you have a couple different operations inside the Event Center, we're talking like the RV park, entertainment, food and beverage, are each of these different operations being kept in the same books as in there's one team or one group of people that are ultimately overseeing when the bar is making their purchases for Restock, right? Or you guys are contracting a new entertain entertainer for a specific event. Is there one type of group currently or one organized system currently for managing all of that AP operations?
iPhone: No, we're literally starting everything from scratch. We're hiring a GM to oversee everything in the arena. the only thing and I then I oversee that person. But, you know, I'm kind of, I like to just be more hands on now than I was before. So the general manager will be responsible for the, for the bar, the restaurant and the day to day of the arena. I'm more so on the booking side because I just, I mean, I just have those relationships that they don't have.
Jacob Greenberg: Right, okay. So this seems like a good opportunity for you guys to, and this is kind of why, this is how you started the call already today, to kind of get things a little bit more consolidated and organized, as well as capturing it in a more digital format so the payments aren't falling through the cracks. You have an opportunity to kind of build a new infrastructure for managing AP and AR that might be a little bit more coordinated, and not let so many things get lost in the chaos.
iPhone: Yes.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. All right, great. I actually have a couple ideas that might suit your business specifically because there's a couple different fragmented sections of it. But let me open up my screen. Here. And I'll give you a demo of some solutions that I'm thinking. So have you already logged into the platform?
iPhone: Yeah, yeah, I have.
Jacob Greenberg: Have you done any transactions yet, test transactions?
iPhone: Yeah, I did one yesterday, which is actually pretty, I mean, believe it or not, like we use QuickBooks in the past and something else we had. This was actually fairly easy. I hate to say it like that, but it was fairly easy to like the UI is UX is very easy to understand and navigate. So that was good. And the process is pretty easy.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. That's why we designed it. I think that generally payment infrastructure for larger businesses gets really complex really quick, but it can be incredibly simple. So that's why we designed this tool this way. Hold on one sec. Sure. I just close it down. Let me reopen this. So before I hop into this, I know that you had a couple specific questions I want to make sure we have time to answer. Did you have any specific workflow questions before I kind of hop into some ideas that I had that might suit better for you guys?
iPhone: So my first question is, when I dealt with QuickBooks, at that point, we'd already moved quite a bit of money through QuickBooks, and then it became more of a process of them holding all of our funds or creating what I would call undo undue duress on the process. If the process or processes suggest that, okay, hey, you're going to be, let's just say there's a seven day hold on checks. Okay, fine. If that's what it is, that's what it is. But I didn't, if, but if it also says three days, and then, you know, like whatever the process is, allow it to be that. And if it's not that, then, you know, provide a pathway on what I might be able to do as a customer to speed it up or to verify funds or what have you. It just became a logistical nightmare dealing with them. And then we'd have, you know, like we do the what's the word for it? I can't think of the word, but you know, let's say we have an event and the next day we're trying to recall all the transactions or or, you know, do our payouts and it would just be delayed or there's an excuse why this didn't work or we can't capture this information from here or there. So I guess one of the questions would be how fluid is the reclamation.
Jacob Greenberg: Process.
iPhone: On a month of things that happen on a Friday night event. to Monday because I've seen issues, I've seen events that we had on Friday, not get fully, I forget, can't think of the word, but we have events that happen on Friday that we couldn't get all the information to, to like Wednesday or Thursday of the following week. And that was just kind of not.
Jacob Greenberg: So what is the, are you still using QuickBooks as your accounting system?
iPhone: Heck no, dump that.
Jacob Greenberg: What are you guys using these days?
iPhone: Nothing right now. Again, starting completely from scratch.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
iPhone: We're going to, we're going to phase into something else. I'm still kind of tinkering with other projects, with other programs to see which one is going to fit the best.
Jacob Greenberg: Well, just so that you know, I'll take, I'll start from the top and then move back to the accounting system. But as far as being able to track the transactions, you can use nickel as your source of truth for those transactions. If you're using nickel for all of your accounts receivable and because what it will show you is it'll show you if it's been sent, if it's been completed, or if it's pending. Right. So that will happen instantaneously. So we also have a much quicker turnaround time than your seven day plus check current situation. That's really one of the value propositions of Nickel is to reduce turnaround times and get money settled faster. So if you're sending or receiving payments on a Monday, they should all be completed and settled by Friday. no matter what. However, you'll be able to track that very easily. So you'll have the status updates here and you can organize across receivables, payables, et cetera. You can export this as a CSV if you do get a new accounting system. So most accounting systems have an import and export feature in them. We are moving towards being able to develop more integrations with more accounting systems. Right now, since QuickBooks is the kind of penultimate accounting system for most businesses. We have a direct integration with QuickBooks Online, which is a two-way sync. So if you were using QuickBooks Online for all of your accounting, every transaction that happens in NiCle will automatically be reconciled and updated on the back end in QuickBooks and vice versa. So. You could do it from NiCle and it will be pushed into QuickBooks, tracked there. If you want to create an invoice from QuickBooks, you could pop into nickel moments later and that will be visible inside nickel so that you can send it as a payment request. Right. So in that case, we have people using QuickBooks as their accounting source of truth. And whenever they need to send and request a payment or, you know, make a payment, they'll pop in a nickel for that transaction purpose. And it will just automatically reconcile with their books. I did have one idea though that I wanted to show you that I thought would be cool. Sure. So, Nickel actually, once we kind of got up and running, we started noticing a lot of accounting firms were reaching out to us with requests to create accounting based accounts. So what that means is that, you know, a lot of accounting firms might run the books for multiple different businesses. So we created kind of a accounting based hierarchical system for those companies that I actually think would fit your use case relatively well. So the difference is that this would be a regular page, one that you might see right now, where you have transactions AR and AP for get paid and bill pay. But we could set it up so you also have this quote unquote clients page. And I'm imagining, and correct me if I'm wrong, and we can set this up for you at any point, but I'm imagining that you can create multiple different quote unquote clients. It could be the same business entity as equity or whichever, but in these different portals, so if I go to this account, it's essentially all in the AR and AP for that account. So in my mind, the way I see this for you guys, is instead of accounting firm, it will be EQTY. And then under the firm's clients, you'll have like bar or event center or the park outside. Right? And each of those sections can have their own AP and AR transactions. So they stay organized and specific to that organization. And if you wanted to appoint, like if there is one person who covers the bars, restocking and refill, and you want them to send out transactions inside Nickel for the bar specifically, you can give them their own login so that they can log in only to the bar location. And you can also set it so that there are bill pay restrictions so that, for example, If they send out a payment, you will still be notified to approve or deny that action. If you wanted to set up some type of approval system, you could do that as well.
iPhone: Thank you, sir. That's interesting. So that's in the event that someone sends something to me.
Jacob Greenberg: This is in the event for outgoing.
iPhone: Okay, outgoing.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Yeah.
iPhone: Sorry, I missed the part.
Jacob Greenberg: No, it's all good. So essentially, it's keep using it the same way you intend to, but if you wanted to organize and have a different quote unquote account for each of the locations that have their own AP and AR operations. So this can be the bar, this can be the event center, right? And you'll have a couple other ones like this. You pretty much organize it a little bit in a little bit more in a layered system. Otherwise, you could do it all from just one Nickel account for the Event Center, and then you'll just be making sure that you have to have, you know, well organized invoice information so it's easier to track.
iPhone: Gotcha. This is really cool, man. Let me ask you, so here's a question. what is my do I have.
Jacob Greenberg: As.
iPhone: Far as like my transactions are concerned, what's the best way to do that? So for example, we get like some of these events can get like we'll do these corporate retreats and I'm not sure how like hold on, I got kicked out of this thing. Oh, back to meeting. I'm not sure. if you have other companies that are, that operate as event centers, you can look us up. It's called the companies with the Riverbend Arena in Inola, Oklahoma.
Jacob Greenberg: So we've been around Riverbend Arena.
iPhone: There you go. Wait, go back. Riverbend or Oklahoma. There you go. That one.
Jacob Greenberg: Found it.
iPhone: Yep. so we're shut down for renovations right now, but we're, we've done a lot of work or, and or still doing a lot of work getting things together. The, a lot of what we're doing, not, well, what I'm trying to say is, how do we, how do we mitigate or is, or is there a need to mitigate? how we're paid. Like, for example, corporate retreats can be extremely expensive. Like we have our complex is 230 acres. So for some people, like, you know, we'll have people come out, they'll do, like some companies want to come out, do horseback riding. They'll be there for, they might be there for a week. They'll want to shoot guns. There's a river right behind the property. so people have come in and, you know, done full scale retreats, they've done camping, they've brought in their own RVs. We've partnered with local RV companies to provide RVs. We've just done a lot of different unique things at the request of clients, but we've also had music festivals and a bunch of other things. And one of the things that QuickBooks couldn't give us, we might like, it's very common to see a company drop 100K or 200 or 300 or a company come or you'll get, you'll get one of these bigger Rodeo outfits and they're bringing in top tier. Well, I will say top tier. Let's say, let's say mid tier. You know, they're going to do a mid tier client, a mid tier entertainment act, and that might be a three or four hundred thousand dollar project. Now, I can't tell you that. it's us doing it because it's not. And I'm not saying that we have, our transactions are that high. But one thing I don't want to get saddled again, saddled with again is when companies don't have, like, when you have a situ, when you have a solution that doesn't allow you to, to accept larger payments.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. So we If you're on the Nickel Core plan, it's going to cap you at $25,000 limit.
iPhone: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: If you're on the Nickel Plus plan, which is just $35 a month, that limit is removed. There's no hard transaction limits. And the technology that Nickel's kind of pioneered here can handle free ACH transfers with two-day turnaround times for up to like a million or $2 million per transaction.
iPhone: Well, damn. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So if you need to do transaction volumes, we're able to handle that.
iPhone: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. And so you said that's for you guys aren't currently processing transaction volumes like that, but there are instances where there might be like one-off events that you're working with other organizations that are doing those processes.
iPhone: For example, we, so during our renovation, we do have a client. that wants to, I think their bill is going to be around 300k by the time, I mean, that's where it's at right now, but we don't charge, we break the payments into spaces. So it's usually, you know, half or 25% just depending on what needs to be done. Like if we need to procure the talent or if we've got to rent things, you know, to make a corporate retreat work, it all, every case is different. but I do have a client right now and that was, that was an issue. When we were using our QuickBooks, I ended up having to break the, try to break the payments down and I just kind of felt like a jerk because I'm like, I would rather just give my client their money back as opposed to looking like we're completely incompetent.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
iPhone: Because it's like, oh, well, hey, can you please break those payments down into increments of 5,000 or 10,000 so that our QuickBooks will allow the transactions to go through. I just couldn't do that anymore. And so that was a thing, you know, in the past, but something that I, that we did experience.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, got it. Yeah. And that, that's caused some problems before for, like, we still work with customers that have been using QuickBooks, but what they have been doing is they've been using QuickBooks Pay. Right. And we've transitioned them over to using Nickel because it's easier for transactions, but they still use QuickBooks as their accounting. source of truth, right? So one of the problems that they were experiencing is essentially the same one you're talking about. They'd have to batch these payments. So if they're trying to make like $300,000 in payments, they'll have like seven or eight individual payments for one specific invoice. That just got complicated. Going to their bank account, making sure each one went through accounting for that in QuickBooks just created a little extra step and more paperwork. So Yeah, you'll be able to handle larger transactions pretty easily within Nickel. It's the exact same as any other transaction, just no transaction limit. And as far as the organization of getting paid from your customers, so you create a new invoice. If you have the information stored in any place, it'll just pull from there already if it's already in QuickBooks, for example. Okay. But if you create a new customer, I can come in here and type in equity. And then I'll type my information here, invoice number or purpose. So I can do first payment or whatever purpose and the invoice number. you can set it as recurring or one-time payments. You could add a note for the customer if you want to. And you can upload samples. So I have this sample invoice here that I like to upload, but you can upload any amount of PDFs you want to. On the advanced side, you could turn off or disable credit card payments. You'd allow the customer to edit the payment amount so that they're making incremental payments. So if they wanted to pay partially by credit card and then partially by check or whatever other payment, you could do so here. And then when I get an email, it'll be with a link to come here. And this is essentially the place to pay that invoice.
iPhone: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: So we do have a beta program right now for people to pay via check or for you to pay via check. And essentially it's an e-check form. So below the pay by bank, you'll click pay by check and people can click on check and just upload a photo of the check and we'll handle the transaction from there. So it is a little bit technical, but it's not too technical, right? So if you do have people that are paying primarily by check right now, literally all they would have to do is open this link, click the check button, take a photo of their check and then click done. So there is a little tech involved, but it's much, much more easy than any other type of payment portal that doesn't accept check. Or they could just click pay by bank or pay by card.
iPhone: Got it.
Jacob Greenberg: Settle up here. The pay by card part, but we noticed that businesses that currently don't accept card or encourage people not to pay card because it takes a three percent fee. Once they started using Nickel, roughly 17 to 35% of the customers they worked with previously have preferred to pay by card. So it just creates a bit of a cash flow advantage for corporate customers so that they could have a longer payment term. They could have up to 45 days, maybe even 60 days sometimes to pay off their credit card. And it gives cash flow advantage as well because you get the payments settled right away. instead of taking a 45 day term payment or having to wait for checks to settle over a week and a half. So we've seen that people do actually like to pay by card. With the credit card though, there is a 2.99% fee. You can decide how you want to split this fee. Most Nickel users put that fee on the customer because they're also providing another way to pay. So the customer can choose, Hey, let me pay by bank. It's free. I also have the option to pay by card if I want to. It's 2.99%. So it's completely in the customer's hand. You're just giving them control and the most amount of options possible without you having to take on that fee. We've seen customers really, the customers of Nickel users specifically, really enjoy that feature. more so than we thought initially. But either way, they can make their payments here directly from this portal. Once they upload their information, if you have recurring customers, it will be securely and PCI compliantly stored within Nickel so that you don't have to worry about continuing to collect that information and doing that manual process multiple times if you do have recurring customers.
iPhone: Gotcha. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, but this transaction volume can be for, you know, let me make an example payment here. You know, this can be a $500,000 payment or larger. So yeah, that is pretty much it. It's a very straightforward process. The businesses that you do work with If you refer to them, refer them to Nickel, there's a $250 bonus. Oh, wow.
iPhone: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
iPhone: That's cool.
Jacob Greenberg: And, you know, people get paid by Nickel or you send them the payment request via Nickel. It's pretty, it's a pretty quick turnaround for them to realize, oh, this is an easier way to do what we're already doing also. So there's a bit of a network effect in there. If you do work with any customer and you think that they're likely gonna go onto Nickel Just let on me their know own, so that I can make sure we get you the referral bonus.
iPhone: Okay. Do I have to initiate a transfer when money comes in or does it automatically push to the account?
Jacob Greenberg: So when money comes in towards you, so what you would do is you just create the invoice the way that I walk through right now. And then you click send, right? So that invoice will send via email. I'll show you real quick. One second. I'm just gonna pull up an example. . So do you see my screen here? Christian, do I still have you?
iPhone: Sorry, I actually muted myself.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, that's all good. So, yeah, so essentially, once you send it. So pretend this says, you know, equity or riverbend arena. Right. This will be your logo and your name and your brand, and then you're sending this. To. Let'S see. So this is if you want to send money, right? So this is for accounts payable. This will come in and then the person will fill out their information. Just basic info, like who they are in their bank accounts, so that you can send them money. If you want to receive money, It'll look like this. You have a new payment request, right? So Riverbend Arena is requesting a payment of $300,000 or whatever that transaction is. You click in here to pay now. And all the PDFs or invoices or any details and files you want to upload will live here and you can click it to download it. There will be specific descriptions of this invoice and the invoice number, your logo and icon. And if you have a history of transactions with this account, they click this to see all the other transactions that they have. And then they just come here and click pay. Once they submit it and pay inside nickel, you will see this invoice right here. Equity, the one you sent out, you can see the details. and you can see the status. So it's active right now because I haven't paid it. Once it's paid, it will move into this completed page and it will say paid pretty much instantaneously. And then there's no other, you know, there's nothing else required from you to make sure that the money is deposited into your bank account. It will go automatically there. Nice. Okay.
iPhone: This is pretty slick. Pretty slick.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. Makes it nice and easy. For you guys, though, the one highlight that I would say is you would definitely want to get the $35 a month plus plan so that you can do larger transactions. The other benefit of that is that it comes with quicker turnaround times as well. And if you want to set up the accountant's account in the future, once you guys get going for just like a little bit more organization. You just let me know and then we can turn that on for you. Okay, cool.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm definitely gonna. I'm definitely gonna move into the subscription today.
Jacob Greenberg: Fantastic.
iPhone: Yeah, I love this product.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. And keep in touch. If you want, we can set up a follow-up call in a couple months just to touch base and Make sure everything's going all right.
iPhone: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: And. Yeah, maybe you could give us some feedback. We love working closely with customers. Every business is different and we have a very responsive development team. So if you guys have any specific feature requests or something you think would be cool to be done in nickel that currently isn't being done to Make your life a little easier, we're all ears all the time. So we'd love to hear that feedback.
iPhone: I believe I could do that for you.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome.
iPhone: As a software developer myself, I'm actually really impressed when I see things. This is more of a SaaS type platform. And I'm like, this is really, really slick.
Jacob Greenberg: Nice. All right. Love to hear it. Yeah. You have any ideas, tips or tricks? Let us know. And we're happy to build that out for you.
iPhone: Well, I mean, just kind of looking at it, I'm just kind of like, there's so many use cases for what you, for what you guys have built.
Jacob Greenberg: It's.
iPhone: It'S pretty slick. I mean, I think it's cool for how you're for its current application. I just it's one of those things where like it's easy to see how other how other in how other industries could adopt this tech to streamline what they do because I come from the music industry, which is I how I have all the relationships to handle all the bookings, but the music industry isn't this intuitive and it's been around for 100 years, let's just say. So there's still a lot of things that fall through the crack and you're still trying to, you know, artists are still chasing money down and all these other weird things that happen. But this is just a very, very streamlined way to run a business.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, it definitely makes it easier so that you can just keep tabs on everything that's happening. you know. Yeah, I see that. Yeah. If you want to pass this along to any of your music industry connects and let them know that it's an easier way to do things they're already doing, feel free to connect me with them. I'm happy to show them same things I showed you today.
iPhone: Well, I have a studio as well, so I have two Studios, which is funny. Oh, well, the company has two. I not I. We, they. so the studio is a company has two studios. So as I'm looking at this, I'm trying to see how I can, how I can apply this to studio. So we have one studio that's more for recording, and we have a full house, full production house studio as well for more like television and film and podcasting. And I'm looking at this as There could be a way to import those businesses into, you know, to integrate those two different, well, and I wouldn't call them different, but to integrate those two.
Jacob Greenberg: Things.
iPhone: Into the system as well. Because when I'm charging for studio time or what we're charging for production time or, again, we have a bunch of different things we're charging for, but just incorporating those things into the fold could be very, very useful to have all of our business models into one space. And just like you're doing here with client A, I can add, you know, optimists, I can add volume. So we have volume studios and we have optimist studios. So getting those things into here could be very, very, I think it's gonna be cool, man. I'm gonna spend some time with this today and really kind of just tinker with it a little bit more. I think you, I guess, I think it's a super cool situation and can't wait to start using it more.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, of course. You have my email. I'll send you a follow-up. Feel free to shoot me any thoughts or ideas, questions or comments along the way. But yeah, I think that ultimately it seems like since you have so many different moving parts in the event center itself, but then you also have these other businesses that roll up to the parent. It might Make sense to have, I'm referring to it as an accountant's account, but it's really just A master account with like subsidiaries in it so that you can have all that lined out here and each one can be organized and clean and yeah, it'll just add a lot of lot of like well, it's a good foundation for structure, right? As you guys are building this out. Right.
iPhone: Yeah, definitely love that.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. All right. Well, I do have to hop now went a little bit over, but it was awesome talking to you. I'm really excited to see this getting implemented for you guys and keep in touch because I'd love to hear some stories and success cases from you implementing this. You have, I'm not sure if we're in any arenas right now, but that's pretty awesome. And I think it would work really well for you guys. So I'd love to get some updates down the line.
iPhone: Yeah, of course. I'll definitely keep in touch with you, sir.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. All right. Well, Christian, it was great to talk to you and have a good rest of your day. Let me know. Thank you, too.
iPhone: All right. All right, bye.
Jacob Greenberg: Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3108445.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195436Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
