---
title: Nickel Review
date: '2025-08-21'
time: '15:14:38'
duration_sec: 2488.28
duration_min: 41.5
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- null <jonathan@crazycandyfun.com>
- Daniel Goodwin <daniel@crazycandyfun.com>
- Casey MacDougall <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 123
---

Jacob Greenberg: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Daniel Goodwin: Hi, Jacob.
Jacob Greenberg: Sorry I'm late. Hey, Daniel, no problem. Happy you could hop on.
Daniel Goodwin: How are you today?
Jacob Greenberg: Doing well. How are you?
Daniel Goodwin: Doing well. Good, good.
Jacob Greenberg: Are we, are we waiting for Jonathan to join as well?
Daniel Goodwin: No, no, he's actually out of town today.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Cool. All right, sweet. So yeah, we have, I know we have a little bit of a late start here, but I have us scheduled for the next 30 minutes. Does that still work for you?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, yes, perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome, perfect. So yeah, the purpose of our call is to check in. I know you had some reviews going on for some other providers and to talk about some stuff that I've learned about other customers of Nickel that use Fishbowl as well. Okay. Because I know that was a big concern for you. Wanted to make sure that that was supported correctly without duplicate invoices happening. And just to align on what next steps would be, if everything makes sense ultimately at the end of this call, what I'd want to save some time for, if it sounds all right with you, is a walkthrough so that you can get your account created. You guys might end up using the Plus account, which is $35 a month. But we could go through the process of being everything getting created on the free account. And then when you're ready to upgrade because you're ready to do a transaction over a certain size or you want faster settlement times, you can upgrade on your own really easily. Okay.
Daniel Goodwin: Does that sound like a fair use.
Jacob Greenberg: Of our time today? Yeah, that sounds great.
Daniel Goodwin: Awesome.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, cool. So I know you had some conversations over the past week, both internally and probably externally with some other providers. Do you want to catch me up to speed?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, well, so I actually didn't end up having the conversation with Melio. I did have a conversation with Fishbowl. They had their own kind of payment, but it was no better, if not worse, than what I'm running through QuickBooks right now. So I landed on what you had presented beforehand was looking like the best option. So yeah, I would love to just kind of proceed with the walkthrough because this seems like the most promising choice.
Jacob Greenberg: For us for sure. Sounds good. Yeah, we could go ahead and start that process then today. One thing that I would ask before we go, your timeline, what like your ideal situation would be for transitioning over your transactions into nickel. Like what timeline you guys are working with and how we can reverse engineer a plan to make that transition. transition a little bit smoother?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, I would say, oh, yeah, come on in. So I just invited Casey, who is our order processor, just because I feel like this will be a great thing for both of us to walk through.
Jacob Greenberg: So let me just.
Daniel Goodwin: Okay, I just had it.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, and then you can enjoy it.
Daniel Goodwin: Okay, Casey is gonna join from his computer.
Casey MacDougall: Okay.
Daniel Goodwin: But, I mean, yesterday we got like 10 orders from people who we desperately need to use the service. So, like, it would. For these types of orders, it'd be like, as quick as we could get it up and running and comfortable with it, then we implement. So, I mean, if that's like a week, great. If that's. If that's a month, I'm feeling pretty sad about that.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So yeah, we can get you guys up and running as quick as you guys are ready to go. Typically, I just want to make sure that we get a couple of test transactions in before you push everything over. Make sure it's supported the right way. The first transaction might take a little bit longer, occasionally, depending on the transaction size, just so that we have confirmation of your account. We do a little bit of a background check on each of the accounts before they get going. Just make sure everything looks up to snuff that there's no fraud attempts. I've already had several conversations with you already. You guys will be good to go. I'll let my dev team know that you guys are planning on doing your first transactions so we could get you up and running. Okay. Gotcha. So first things first, we can go ahead. If you could share your screen with me and go to the domain www.getnickel.com, the integration I'll walk process you through the with QuickBooks. account creation process. And then once Casey hops on the line, we could switch off, I could show some demo information on my dummy account to show him some more things that might be relevant to how he'd be using the tool.
Daniel Goodwin: Okay, great.
Casey MacDougall: I am on the call, Jacob, so I'll just be on listening.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, hey. How's it going, Casey? Good, thanks. So, Casey, what is your current role within the company and what responsibilities for ARAP would fall on your shoulders so I could show you things that would be most relevant to you?
Casey MacDougall: I think for me, I'm actually kind of more on the customer account and order setup side. So what I'm getting right now is kind of requests to pay through, you know, credit card and other items such as that. So we're kind of trying to figure out the best way that we can have an integration with QuickBooks where I can send that over to a customer partner and say, Hey, If you want to pay via this method, then we would like you to use this link, set up your information there so that it's all private and then also flows into QuickBooks as expected.
Jacob Greenberg: Perfect.
Daniel Goodwin: I probably did a disservice to Casey by calling the order processor. What I would say for the what's relevant to you is he's kind of like the operations, like other half of the transaction, right? He's interacting with the customers. getting their information, getting their order put in, making sure everything, you know, aligns with our operational processes. And then it's kind of a handoff to me where I would process all of the collection, like collecting and things. So this just is helpful for him so that he can know what information is relevant that we need, what's going to be the process we can let the customers, you know, know beforehand what to expect, you know, if Rather than payment of just, Hey, send over an email with your credit card information. It's, Hey, you're going to get a link from this. This is what it's going to look like.
Jacob Greenberg: That sorts of thing. Okay, great. So perfect. I'll structure the call so that we only spend the first 10 minutes or so. Daniel will run through the account creation, making sure QuickBooks sync starts to happen. Once you sync QuickBooks, before the end of the day, everything should start pushing with Then the two-way we'll spend API the latter sync. half of the call So 15-20 we want to get that minutes, set up as soon either as possible. answering any specific questions you guys both have towards the end of the call. But before that, Casey, I'll show you the workflow one more time. I know I showed Daniel briefly on our call last week. So I'll show you the workflow for how to create the invoice, but also what the customer will be receiving. And another method to collect customer information through Nickel that actually might simplify the process you currently have. or run through the process you have and make sure it's in tandem with nickel as a tool.
Casey MacDougall: Sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. So yeah, Daniel, go ahead and click on the upper right hand side get started button and type in the company email. Yep. Oh, no. Well, I'm not really the business owner.
Daniel Goodwin: But... That's all right.
Jacob Greenberg: That really should say business or accounting firm.
Daniel Goodwin: That's me, we're connecting bank accounts right now.
Jacob Greenberg: Cut off.
Daniel Goodwin: Works gracious. Maybe I'll do.
Jacob Greenberg: That. . Ah.
Casey MacDougall: It was unhappy.
Daniel Goodwin: Is it possible to skip past this stage and I'll link in a minute?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, absolutely. Is it taking a little longer on your end?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, I just need to use the owner's login to have them link it right in mind.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, just let me know when you do connect Plaid so I can let our dev team know to do a quick approval. Okay, great. Okay, so once you're in, you'll go ahead and connect Plaid when you're ready. You could go down to account settings there, and then you can click on the, so yeah, upload your branding and your logo when you're prepared to start sending out some AR. Then the integrations tab on the right hand side, go ahead and click your QuickBooks. All right. Awesome. So this will take a little bit of time for everything to go through, but it should be up by the end of today. Okay. And that's pretty much it as far as getting all of that synced. So once you go through the process with Plaid, let me know and make sure to keep me in the loop so I can update my team. Cool. Yeah, yeah, I can get that done. I will open up my screen then if you want to start sharing mine. Okay. Second. Can you guys see my screen here?
Daniel Goodwin: Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. All right, so Daniel, this will be a recap for you, Casey, this should be some new information on your end. But going to walk through a bit about the creating an invoice process, what that might look like when it's getting pushed from QuickBooks, but most importantly, Casey, for your side, what the customers will be seeing. So from the get paid side, this is where we generate the invoices. invoice. Everything with QuickBooks is a two-way sync. So when an invoice is created within QuickBooks, it'll push into nickel. So if you guys are doing that process where it's going from fish bowl into QuickBooks, it will then get pushed into nickel. Whatever gets processed within nickel will get. Pushed back into QuickBooks and pushed back. For reconciliation on project management stuff in fish bowl as well. So we'll come in here and create. A do new invoice. Casey test as a new customer. And so as you guys have existing customers, their information will already be pushed. So if it's living within QuickBooks right now, you could type in that customer name and it will generate all of their information. I'm assuming Casey, you guys have that banking information for a lot of customers already existing within QuickBooks?
Daniel Goodwin: Not a lot.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. So whatever exists in QuickBooks, sorry, go ahead. I was gonna say for the customers.
Casey MacDougall: That we're setting up, we would not have that information in QuickBooks.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha.
Casey MacDougall: Okay. If you're using this for existing customers, you would, but this is basically brand new order, first order, hey, here's the credit card information. That's probably all we have. We can, you know, ask for banking details, et cetera, whatever is required to to make sure that we have this set up correctly.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, perfect. So before I do the invoice, I'm actually going to go to the customer side then, and I'll create new customer here. So type in a test company name. I'll do KC test, put in that customer email address. I'll put mine in so that I can show you in my inbox what it looks like. And then you can set up payment authorization. So this is going to be if you're doing automatic ACH debits. And then I'll show you what the credit card side looks like as well. It's very easy. If you have the credit card information already, you can go ahead and enter it here. Yes, let me enter it. You'll add that customer card information and you can save it and then go ahead and charge it. Same with banking information. If they provide banking information, you just enter it here and it saves on the customer line on the homepage. Alternatively, if you don't want to manually enter or store customer data, we have the ability to request that information from the customer so that you're guaranteeing PCI compliance and the liability of processing or handling that information is solely in Nickel's hands. The liability is not with Crazy Candy Fun and we'll take care of all those permissions for you. So you say sign up, you can send a message to the customer, release store and charge. And send and request. So that's on the customer side itself. You can also do this from the invoice and I'll show you that in a minute. you'll see I got an email right away. Once you guys upload your logo and the company name, it'll appear here. You'll have a payment authorization request for Crazy Candy Fun. And it'll say Crazy Candy Fun wants to save your payment method on file. Click this. It gives a very, very brief walkthrough. What's this for? What is Nickel? How are they compliant? et cetera, et cetera. You just click get started. These boxes you can customize whether there's limits on the transactions or expiration dates, and that's pretty much it. They'll go ahead and click through these, and then they'll click pay by card or pay by bank. They'll enter their information the same way that they would typically send it to you guys for it being charged. And then once they click confirm and authorize, It's saved within your Nickel account, stored securely, and you could go into that customer later and create an invoice. You can even charge them automatically if they provide authorization to do so through that portal. So you can just go into an invoice and click charge and they'll be charged. Super straightforward and simple. I'll now walk through what that looks like on the create invoice side. So, KC test. And you guys typically use invoice numbers or purposes for the invoice numbers, Daniel?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, invoice numbers.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, cool. So I'll use an example invoice number, put in an example amount. This might be repetitive. You've seen this already, Daniel, but the invoice date will be the date that the invoice is created. the due date you could set for whenever you want it set. If you want to charge them today, you could do the due date here. Again, this is for sending out a request for payment. So you can also just charge them automatically once they've given that information and confirmation from within the account. But if you're sending out an invoice to be paid on their own terms, you could set that date for whatever you'd like. So say this is a net 30. We'll send it for the end of next month, and it will send them a reminder to make that payment. And it's just an easier way for you guys to track what's outstanding, what's You can been include paid a note on time. for the customer here. Payment for Candy, due date above, notes. You can upload any documents you want. You can upload a sample invoice, any photos if you have shipments that you want to include there on that transaction level, contracts or agreements you have with clients, whatever you want to include on that transaction level, you can. So it just keeps things organized into one transaction instead of multiple different emails or correspondences. Before I click create, I'm going to pop into advanced just to show you some more settings here. You can enable or disable any of these. So you can enable or disable credit card payments. You'll see on the payment side, Daniel, you've already seen this. It offers them the ability to pay by credit card or by bank ACH. So pretty much everyone that uses Nickel keeps that feature enabled for credit card payments because it offers them free ACH or credit card with a fee. You can allow customers to edit the payment amount. So if you have a transaction for $1,000, an invoice for $1,000, and you turn this on, it essentially enables the customer to decide if they want to pay part of it by card and part of it by ACH. It just gives them more customizability in the way that they can pay. But it's all reconciled in the same one-step process for you guys, and you don't incur any additional fees. Speaking of fees, you could customize the fees on this payment request. Since you guys are setting this up for credit card payments primarily, this is one area you might want to look. Pretty much everybody on Nickel puts 100% of the fee onto the customer for credit card because they have the option to pay for free with ACH. If they want the cash flow advantage with credit card, they can elect to pay the additional 2.99%. As far as invoicing goes, you don't need to reconfigure your invoice to calculate for that additional charge. We'll take care of it for you so that you're zeroing out each of your transactions that are actual transaction sizes. But should you want to, in case you come across a specific larger client, occasionally we'll have distributors that work with customers that they have where they have specific agreements that customer wants to pay with credit card for cash flow advantage, but they've negotiated a shared rate. You can split that processing fee if you would like to. However, again, most people put all of it onto the customer side, and then you go ahead and click create. So now the invoice has been created. We have our invoice number here, the amount, invoice date and due date. You. Could send the link so that they can fill it out and pay, or you could click right here, charge payment method on file. So if they've already uploaded their information, it will populate here. If you're gonna manually input it, you could manually input it here by clicking add customer payment method. And then you just go ahead and click schedule charge. Or if the charge is for today, you could just go ahead and click charge. and it's that simple. So I'll show you what it looks like to receive one of these emails. It also can be a text message if you'd like. You can enter the customer phone number so they could open it up on their phone. It'll say Crazy Candy Fun and the invoice number or the purpose, whatever you would put. Again, your logo, your company name, the amount, the due date, bill number, and the memo. All you do is click pay now, pops open to this portal, and they can choose to pay by card or to pay by bank. Again, if they've already made a payment once and have decided to store their payment information here, they wouldn't have to fill it out a second time. They could just go ahead and click this. It seems like in most of your cases, though, you guys will be just submitting the charge on your own without sending Sending out the payment fill information, is that correct?
Daniel Goodwin: We're hoping to not have to receive their stuff via email, so we're actually hoping that they fill this out themselves. And like, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great.
Daniel Goodwin: So then you- But currently, yes, we are just running it ourselves.
Jacob Greenberg: Great. All right, so this will save a little bit of time and a little bit more security measure as well. All of the documents that you guys uploaded will be accessible here. If I click on it, it will download automatically. And all the information is here. This is the editable payment amount. So say I wanted to do what I said before, where pay half of it in credit card and half of it by bank, I could do that and make two separate payments. If this customer has had previous payments with you guys, below this information here will be a transaction record history of all previous invoices. and their statuses if they've been paid or if they're unpaid as well. They can click into it and open up new portals just like this. Each transaction will have its own portal. So you'll always be able to access the transaction from the customer side and you can even edit it as well. So say I created this transaction right here, Casey test. I could click into this, say that customer calls me back and says, Hey, actually, the amount wasn't right or there's misinformation or the document was wrong, whatever it is, you could come in here and edit anything here, save it, and it will populate again on the same link for them. You could also resend the link from here or mark as paid if you have another manual payment method, say they ended up sending a check last week in the mail and it came in, you could just click mark as paid.
Daniel Goodwin: So that's how we handle it, you know, if we have 20 invoices in the month and five of them were gonna pay through credit card and through Nickel who just marked the other ones as paid outside of Nickel, right? Is that how that's okay?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, exactly right.
Daniel Goodwin: And then when you create an invoice in here, would that kick it over to QuickBooks as like the invoice in there or would it just kick over like a payment? How does that work?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, if you create an invoice in here, it'll be on a transaction level. So. It depends on how you have your QuickBooks set up. If you're creating invoices within QuickBooks, are you asking because you don't want the.
Daniel Goodwin: Double- yeah, yeah, just to see how would we receive a payment and have it go to the customer's account just as a payment? Then when that invoice comes in through Fishbowl, we just match the payment and the invoice together.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I can get you a screenshot of how that would visually look. I should have compared with one today, but I'll get one today for you. Yeah, they zero out, so you won't have any duplicates within QuickBooks or within your ERP, within Fishbowl. I'll get a visual for you so you know what to expect as well.
Daniel Goodwin: Wonderful. Thank you.
Jacob Greenberg: Great. And that's essentially it for collecting customer information and sending the invoice. Really the goal here is just to make this hyper simple and increase the customizability on both sides. So we have a couple more minutes here for any questions you guys have. Is there anything outstanding that I haven't addressed, Daniel, Casey?
Daniel Goodwin: On my end, no, I'm just going to spend some time just obviously getting the plaid up and running and the logo and stuff and the branding. But I think for right now, I don't have any questions.
Casey MacDougall: Yeah, I don't either. I think Daniel just quick connect on it. I think this is a great tool for our customers. I think making it very easy for them and then also the variety of ways that they can then pay is great.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
Casey MacDougall: So, like, I think a lot of our customers are running into right now just give a credit card because it's easy. If they're already kind of come in here and look at a credit card or banking information, be able to change how they pay, being able to to customize exactly how they want to do that, I think will be pretty dynamic for us. And I think that's what I was looking for in my end.
Jacob Greenberg: Perfect. That's what we love to hear. And then overall, just a quick view, the transaction level is going to be where you're seeing the statuses of each individual transaction, easily organize them by receivables or payables, or you can search by customer, invoice number, anything that like date range, If you need to share this with another system or with another person outside of your systems, you can download CSVs, but you guys will be synced with QuickBooks and that will be synced with Fishbowl. So it should all be an integrated system. Okay, perfect.
Daniel Goodwin: Jacob, thank you so much for your time, brother. Sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: I'm happy that this seems like it's going to be a good fit. Again, Daniel, check in with me later today. Once you get the plaid set up, I want to be able to alert my team as soon as you do. And then I know we talked about kind of rough timeline for your first couple transactions. You were looking for within a week, you wouldn't be doing anything this week, would you, or are you thinking of doing something?
Daniel Goodwin: It basically is that as soon as we can get this up and running, then we need to start using it. Like I said, we got like 10 orders last night that would be using nickel to process. And so as quickly as we can get it set up, functioning and comfortable with it, then I want to push it out. So if that's tomorrow, great.
Jacob Greenberg: If it's next week, great. Okay, beautiful. So in that case, as soon as you get the plan connected, send me an email. I'll Make sure that it goes through on our end and you guys can start processing as soon as possible. I'll do a check-in with you guys next week. This could just be a quick phone call reminder just to see how everything's going and prepare you guys for the next month. okay.
Daniel Goodwin: Wonderful. Thank you so much, Jacob.
Jacob Greenberg: You got it, guys. Thank you. All right. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3441096.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195437Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
