---
title: Felipe and Jacob Greenberg
date: '2025-08-21'
time: '16:29:52'
duration_sec: 1811.17
duration_min: 30.2
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Felipe Corrado <felipe@amazonasimports.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 125
---

Jacob Greenberg: . . . . . Hello. Hey Felipe, how's it going?
Felipe Corrado: It's going well. How are you?
Jacob Greenberg: I'm good. I'm good. I'm happy we can make some time today.
Felipe Corrado: Yeah, absolutely.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. So I know that you requested a meeting to learn a little bit more. for Amazon S Imports. So let me turn my camera on here. I didn't realize it was off. Hey, how's it going? So yeah, I know that we made some time here today so that you could learn a little bit more about Nickel. Good to see you, Felipe. So typically the way we start these calls is just a brief introduction. Let me know a little bit about your background and then how you came across Nickel, what you're looking to accomplish, and I'll share some background as well. and by the end of the call, we could pop into a demo so that we can customize it to what you guys need.
Felipe Corrado: Yeah, so I am the CFO of a publicly traded company right now. Amasonas is my cousin's company. I have my cousin, my family, and I have a couple of their friends are asking me to do some CFO work for them.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool.
Felipe Corrado: And one of the main pain points is they do, for AR, they have a tendency of doing it the archaic way where checks are mailed and then you have to go to the bank everything's balanced. I don't use ACH yet. And so I'm trying to streamline that. There's a lot of clicking and a lot of incorrect entries into QuickBooks on and so forth. They're currently on desktop enterprise. I'm trying to get them over to online. Okay. I don't know if Nickel works with desktop enterprise. I read that it does. That's why, you know, I moved forward, but we're sure we'll get into that. And then on the bill pay side, I've used Ramp before. I know that bill.com has a similar R platform piece. for the However, AR it just seems very clunky when I saw it. And so my thoughts were maybe to go with the ramp on the AP side and the nickel on the AR side. And if this platform works, then my thought would be to roll it out to other clients that I have. And then the other, the other question was, I learned about you guys by ramp. I was actually talking to ramp and I said, hey, listen, you guys can tackle the expense and AP side who can do the AR side. And they said, I know this company called Nicholas. Look them up.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, interesting. Okay.
Felipe Corrado: Yeah, I've looked at info. I've talked to invoice and a couple of other ones, but yours seemed pretty, pretty, pretty good. So I want to have this call.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. Sounds good. So a bunch of moving Parts here, but specifically you're looking for your cousin's company, Amazonus, because they're really check heavy at this moment. You're going to be utilizing ramp for AP for Amazonus.
Felipe Corrado: That's my thought. Ramp. I know you guys have an AP function as well, though. I haven't I thought seen was that, ramp but. for AP and expenses. And you guys for the ER stuff.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Cool. I gotta ask, what company do you work for in your full-time job?
Felipe Corrado: It's a fintech company out of Carlsbad.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Felipe Corrado: That's APPTech, the ticker symbol's AP CX. We were on NASDAQ. We openly went down to OTC QB and we're reapplying to NASDAQ in about By Q2 of next year, so.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. Are you guys, you got, that's also a payment tech company?
Felipe Corrado: Yeah, yeah, but we do more, yeah, we, it's very different than what you guys do over here.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. All right, cool. Well, I'll look into that as well, but for sure. So as far as Amazon is here, Nickel is definitely built for check heavy businesses, so I'll give you a bit of our background. Our founder came from the built world, so he worked with Stanley Black and Decker, were backed by them, and DeWalt initially built for this type of heavy contracting, contractor facing industries where people are driving around with checks in their trucks for a long time. They have clunky payment methods. It's hard for them to accept both credit card and ACH and check at the same time. So we wanted to create an option that made it easier to be able to offer their customers any type of payment methodology that settles quickly in with a their really accounting organized system, way. but also doesn't incur any additional fees. Right. So we're enabling customers to pass the credit card fees on to their customers and also to be able to accept ACH, check all these forms in one unified portal, just making it hyper easy and super simplistic. So that's really what we're built for. We also do have the AP side. So managing AP with nickel is as easy, if not easier than AR, because you don't need to collect any Customer specific facing information, but I'll walk you through what that process looks like.
Felipe Corrado: Do you guys, sorry, do you guys work with desktop?
Jacob Greenberg: So we are about to launch our QuickBooks desktop integration. We're a couple weeks out from that, but it's been probably the most requested project that we've been working on for a bit of time now. Right now we do QuickBooks online. Is that that you're thinking of consider Move the company to QuickBooks Online right now? Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: They'Ve discussed that. The problem is that they do all their invoicing, sales orders, pick lists, to QuickBooks, a third party called LaceUp. And so QuickBooks ends up being their core. I'm looking for different, there's a company that I found called Skyvia. I'm looking for other integrators that can go from desktop to online. But for right now, it's gonna be desktop. So you don't have a desktop function right now, is what you're saying?
Jacob Greenberg: Not at this moment, but it should be rolling out this quarter at the very least. Okay. We also do make it really. Just. If you do the CSV export and import, it should reconcile within QuickBooks desktop for you.
Felipe Corrado: Your connection drops again.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, we do have a CSV export option for transactions and invoices. So if you do the import and export to and from QuickBooks desktop on like a, you know, set your own routine schedule to do it. It should keep it pretty up to date and be a pretty minimal process until we have the actual API and integration up and running. That's the timeline for us and I can keep you updated on that. I could get a specific date for you as well. Let me just ping Dev right now just to Make sure Gotcha. Do you have a specific timeline for needing to find a better payment solution for Amazonus?
Felipe Corrado: No, I mean, I could probably make it work between now and you said the end of this quarter.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: So you're talking a little bit within six weeks.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: I mean, I'm assuming that, you know, finding the right partner, the sign up page, all that good stuff probably takes a couple weeks and then Yeah, I mean, we can make it work as long as your roadmap shows it really being released before the quarter.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. Yep, I'm gonna get a specific date for you so that we can pivot around that. But yep, great. Awesome. Okay, cool. So sounds good. So walk me through the current AR process. I know you gave a quick high level overview. It's very check heavy. Are they also accepting credit cards or ACH?
Felipe Corrado: They accept credit cards. They don't do much ACH. It's very manual. I believe that they mail you invoices still, I believe.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: What my goal is to email everybody the invoice with the link. You click on the link, you make payments on and so forth, set them all up, blah, blah, blah. And that's kind of what I want. They use a company that does the credit card swiping for them, but I'd rather people be able to pay online. You can always mark it up a couple percentage points off the cost. Right. I just need to streamline it because they do sizable revenue. There's a big growth initiative and I don't want to be collecting more and more checks because bounce checks, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I just need to modernize the whole operation.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Are they currently eating the credit card fees themselves?
Felipe Corrado: They do mark it up to some accounts, but not all.
Jacob Greenberg: They're manually adjusting the invoices to accommodate for the percentage in credit card.
Felipe Corrado: Right, right.
Jacob Greenberg: That's also a time consuming process. It makes accounting a little bit more tricky. Right. Okay, got it. And then you said they're doing sizable transactions and they're growing as well. What are the frequency of the AR receipts? Like how many invoices are you guys receiving payments for in a given month?
Felipe Corrado: Yeah, they're receiving checks all day long. In terms of account, it's probably.
Jacob Greenberg: Between.
Felipe Corrado: Let'S just say 70 and 100, maybe somewhere on there.
Jacob Greenberg: On a monthly basis.
Felipe Corrado: Yeah, that's about right.
Jacob Greenberg: And the average size of these transactions, can you give like an estimated range or are they very- yeah.
Felipe Corrado: No, I mean, you know, you have some accounts that do pay a safe, you know, they might pay 50, 60 grand, some might pay 500 bucks. So maybe a couple thousand dollars is your average.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. So the reason I asked for the transaction size is just because there are two different plans on Nickel. Have you reviewed the pricing page and everything? No. Beautiful.
Felipe Corrado: I just know you don't charge for ACHs.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep.
Felipe Corrado: Charge 2.9% for credit cards, I believe.
Jacob Greenberg: There you go. That's right. So yeah, we have unlimited free ACH for both our Nickel Core plan and our Nickel here. Let me show you. Nickel Plus plan. So. We'Ve got unlimited free SEH across both of them. The only difference between the Plus and the Core plan is the transaction limit size. So with Core, it's capped at $25,000 per transaction limit. That's unlimited for free. So we can manage millions of dollars per transaction for you. The other difference would be turnaround times, three-day turnaround time for the free plan, two-day turnaround time for the plus plan. You could sign up for the free plan, like literally today, or we can do a follow-up call after you do some internal review there. Just to show you how it works, walk you through the process, and whenever you're ready to accept a payment or send a transaction larger than 25, you could just upgrade on your own beforehand.
Felipe Corrado: Sure.
Jacob Greenberg: That's pretty much it. Big difference is one day quicker turnaround time. and the transaction fee. We also enable remote check deposit for the Plus Plan. That is in beta and coming out around the same time as the QuickBooks Desktop integration. So that's that.
Felipe Corrado: Using your phone, take photos and uploading it?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep.
Felipe Corrado: Cool. You can't scan those and do a batch of the one by one, is that right?
Jacob Greenberg: What, the checks? Yeah. So when you say scan them and do a batch, you mean taking photos of several different checks, processing them all in one upload, and then deciphering them into the separate transaction level? Yeah. I'm not sure if that's going to be a capability that's rolled out when this is rolled out. So you're thinking on your side, you guys received, like, 50 checks in a month, and you just want to take one, one photo of all of them simultaneously and have it. scan and.
Felipe Corrado: Well, I guess thinking through this, every time they receive a check, they can do the boom boom photos, upload it, it's in.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
Felipe Corrado: And then. So, yeah, there's probably no need to do a batch. I was thinking more. Yeah, there's probably no need as they move forward.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Sorry. Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: No, I think there's no need. Cool.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I think doing it on the individual basis would end up being like the simplest and cleanest way regardless. But cool. So it just sounds like right now you guys have pretty sizable amount of checks coming in. You're not doing ACH because you guys are check heavy. You want to have an initiative to be able to transition people from checks to maybe do digital payments like ACH or even accept credit card. Do you guys accept credit cards at the moment?
Felipe Corrado: They Like, do, but is I that believe a that part they of have the to process?
Jacob Greenberg: Get.
Felipe Corrado: The information down and then they process it through like a manual terminal.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. So they're storing that.
Felipe Corrado: No, they might also use is aach.com or one of those where you log in and make payment that, I don't know. It's very, the problem is that it's not integrated and so you have to find everything and it's not kind of a all in one solution.
Jacob Greenberg: All right. Sounds good. Let me walk you through this then, and I'll stop. Share my start sharing my screen right now. Give me one sec. Can you see my screen here? Awesome. So I'm just going to do a step-by-step walkthrough. It seems like this is going to be a good fit for you guys. I know that right now, really, what you want to do is one. find something that integrates or at least is easier and more coordinated. You have a five, six week rollout plan. I know it's going to take a little bit of time, but sooner the better. And really you want to be able to give your customers the ability to just email them a link, have them upload their information. You don't have to manually store credit card info anymore and you can accept remote payments. So these are all things we're going to be able to do for you. With no charge for ACH. And I'll walk you through how it this looks. would be the summary page once you start training.
Felipe Corrado: If you guys don't charge for ACH and you only charge your monthly fee, where else is your revenue generated from?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, good question. So we do make money on credit card transactions at the moment, but really the plan for Nickel as a business is to really just show people that there's an easier way to manage AR and AP and an easier way to engage with customers. and it could be lower cost as well. Remove those stops, have people start to use our platform, and then offer other products that will improve cash flow advantages for those companies. So in the future, we do plan on rolling out trade credits, different net term packages and tools, other things related to that. Right, right, right. Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: So then you get, yeah, like 1%. Okay, I'm with you.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it.
Felipe Corrado: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: We do plan on keeping ACH free forever. That's going to be a staple of our brand. And really because we can. We have the technology to do it and it's affordable enough for us.
Felipe Corrado: Got it. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So on the transaction level here, what you'll see is an overview of all the transactions that you guys have had. Exactly what account is coming from or going to. This is easy to organize and to filter through by if you do invoice numbers or purpose, Customer or date, you can see your receivables, payables, refunds.
Felipe Corrado: I'm just pulling off of QuickBooks, right?
Jacob Greenberg: So this would pull from QuickBooks if you integrate QuickBooks, or it could be anything if you generate it directly within Nickel. Okay. If you do generate directly within Nickel, or if you want to flag for reconciliation, you can do that. Say it again.
Felipe Corrado: So I'm sorry, I'm talking too much. I'm trying to understand.
Jacob Greenberg: It's okay. It's Yeah, you're all good. right.
Felipe Corrado: You're saying I could create all the invoices directly in Nickel and then Nickel will sync with QuickBooks and record them in QuickBooks, right? Correct. All right.
Jacob Greenberg: So go ahead. Sorry, I'll keep it. Yeah. But it goes both ways. So it is a two-way sync. Sometimes we'll have companies that have an ERP or that have a CRM that they want to generate the invoice from because it's pulling other project management information into the invoice they'll automatically. sync that into QuickBooks and QuickBooks will push it into nickel. Then you click on that invoice with the nickel just to send that transaction and make sure that it gets reconciled adequately. And then once it gets paid, QuickBooks will be updated that the payment has come through nickel.
Felipe Corrado: And I would use my regular account. I don't set up like a nickel account, right?
Jacob Greenberg: For which Which part?
Felipe Corrado: For cash receipts.
Jacob Greenberg: For cash receipts.
Felipe Corrado: It's going to go to my checking account, not to a nickel.
Jacob Greenberg: Right, it would be your own bank account. So we can save this for a follow-up call or I might have a couple more minutes after this, but I'm happy to walk you through this original signup and setup process since it's free to get going. But yeah, you set up your own bank account, you pick the one that you want to run with. you can add multiple and use them for different transactions if you want to. But yes, it's not a nickel bank account. It'll go straight to your bank account. Okay. So I'm just gonna pop into the AP side real quick to show you this QuickBooks icon. So everything that gets pulled from QuickBooks will have this logo next to it, so it's easy to track. We have a couple different accounts in here that we created these bills directly within Nickel and not within QuickBooks just to show you what the difference would look like, but they appear the same and they process the same. On the get paid side, I'll just show this super quick because this is pretty neat. It's a generic payment portal tool. On your account creation, I'll walk you through uploading your branding, Amazonas and the logo, whatever background you want to have, color, et cetera. And we have some companies, some of our early customers will continue to use this link and just embed it on their website. as like pay invoice here. Right. Oh, they could put in the reason for paying or for the invoice number here and they could put the payment. It's just an easier link for them, but it's not invoice specific. And I'll show you what that looks like because you guys are going to be sending out some stuff for AR. So if you do create the invoice from within nickel, you just go here and click. New invoice. Do you guys work with recurring invoices or is it primarily one offs?
Felipe Corrado: It's one offs.
Jacob Greenberg: So you just do create new invoice. I'll do a test. So I'll do Felipe a test here for a new customer. I'm going to add my email address here so I can show you what it looks like when the invoice is sent into an inbox. Do you guys do invoice numbers or purposes in the description?
Felipe Corrado: Invoice numbers.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. So I do a random invoice number, put in an amount. This is a one-time invoice, so the invoice date will be today. And then you could set the due date for whenever you want. So if you're giving them net 30, set it for them in next month, and you put in whatever description. So invoice testing XYZ, and you can upload any documents you want as well. on the transaction level. This seems like a little feature, but it actually has a big impact for businesses. So I can upload a line by line invoice, I could upload photos of a shipment, I could upload contracts that I might have with that company or net terms agreements. And so it lives on the individual transaction level. So we don't need to have 10 or 12 different email chains going back and forth pulling this information from different locations. It's loaded in there on that one level. Before I create it and send it, I'll click the Advanced tab just to show you a couple other features we have here. You can enable or disable credit card payments. Pretty much everyone has it enabled, as you'll see on the transaction itself. People have the option to pick pay by credit card with a fee or pay for free with ACH. So it's up to them, you're giving them the option to decide. You can allow customers to edit the payment amount. So should a customer have a large invoice and they want to pay half of it in card for cash flow advantage purposes or pay half of it by ACH, they can choose to do that on their own. Again, just giving them that customizability. Then you could also customize fees. So pretty much everybody that's using Nickel ends up putting 100% of the fee onto the customer. However. There are some distributors that we work with that have really large contracts that are recurring orders with specific manufacturers. And so what they'll do is they'll come to a specific agreement, you know, we'll split the credit card fee 50 50 or however it is. And you can customize that here.
Felipe Corrado: But you guys are the processor in that case, right?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, we're the. Yes, we're the processor for that. we'll go ahead and click create. And. You'Ll see the invoices created. You'll see the amount, the invoice date is today and the due date, and you can add phone numbers as well so that we can shoot out text messages with the link or the email. Now, if that customer has already provided their information to you and it's stored within your Niche account, you can go ahead and just schedule the charge on your own. If that charge is for today, you'll just automatically charge them today. So you can go through all of your invoices and just click charge. However, if you want to give them the ability to take their time, make the payment when they're prepared for it, you'll send the secure payment link. And I'll go to my email in one second to show you what that looks like. But before I do that, I also want to walk through what it looks like for you to collect that customer banking information. So I know that you don't want to be storing that info manually anymore, updating it on your own. If it has been created and if it's already kept within QuickBooks, that will push the second you sync it with Nickel, you can do a download and an upload as well to get it all into Nickel. However, if you have new customers or you don't have a customer's banking info, You can add the new customer here. I'll add my email address so that I could show you what it looks like. And you can enter the information here for that new customer, like I said, if you currently have it, or you can send them a request to complete it on their own. So you can have full permissions or limited permissions based on transaction or expiration date. I'm going to send this request and I'll show you what that looks like as well. and you'll see here that we have the original payment link. So this is one invoice. This will have the Gra distribution as a, you know, our dummy demo account. So that will have your name and your logo and it'll come in and it'll say Amazon's imports and then voice number or the purpose that you put there. Of the memo in the description, just click pay now. My internet's a little slow today. Let me close some tabs in the background. Yeah. And this would be the portal. So all the PDFs, all the documents you uploaded are here. You could click them to download them. Any notes that you put in here about that invoice. The due date, again, if you want to change the payment method or payment amount so that I could pay half and half in a CH or in credit card, I could do so there.
Felipe Corrado: If you do that though, if you only pay 50%, let's say when it syncs to QuickBooks, does it adjust the invoice by 50%?
Jacob Greenberg: Right, that's a great question. So what will happen is on the nickel page for that invoice, It will show the amount of the invoice, what has been paid. Sorry, I keep clicking it. It's fine. So this will say, you know, the amount is 10,000, 5,000 has been paid. So there's still an outstanding invoice. So we would update that accordingly in QuickBooks. And then you could send a reminder payment to request payments if they haven't completed it the same day or. You're saying is if I run my.
Felipe Corrado: AR aging in QuickBooks, it'll show 5,000, not 10,000.
Jacob Greenberg: I believe so. Okay. Double check.
Felipe Corrado: And then another question really quick is if I am, if I have all these invoices recorded in QuickBooks, can you push them into, I guess you push them into nickel so you have all the invoices there, then you send them out.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, exactly. Yeah. So if you have the invoices already created from the QuickBooks side, they get pushed in a nickel, they'll populate here on the invoices tab. and then you just click request payment.
Felipe Corrado: Do I have to manually push them or Nickel knows that whenever there is an AR to bring it over?
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, manually push it from QuickBooks into Nickel. Nickel will automatically know. It'll just- oh, that's cool.
Felipe Corrado: That's cool.
Jacob Greenberg: But for the request itself, you need to manually send out the request for payment.
Felipe Corrado: I have to get on another call in two minutes, dude, but I really want to look at your AP side because I like the idea of it being an all-in-one.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, absolutely. Let's set up a follow-up time. I could walk you through AP. I could learn a little bit more about how you're doing that. And I could walk you through original setup for nickel. Yeah.
Felipe Corrado: And, you know, I'd actually would like to have somebody else on the call. When are you available today or tomorrow? What's best for you?
Jacob Greenberg: My next availability would be at, you're on the West Coast or on the East Coast?
Felipe Corrado: West Coast.
Jacob Greenberg: It'd be noon your time tomorrow, 3 PM Eastern.
Felipe Corrado: That's fine. Can you shoot that off?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, absolutely.
Felipe Corrado: Please, and then I'll forward it over to the IT, my uncle.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, sounds good.
Felipe Corrado: Hey, thank you, dude. I'm sorry to cut you off. I actually spent an hour asking you questions. Can you possibly look into that AR question for me, please? Yeah, I actually have two questions for you on the air and the AP side on the AR side, if if it's a partial payment, does it in QuickBooks updated so you know what the new balance is? And then my second question is on the AP side as well. If it's a $10,000 invoice and I only send 5000, does it update to show only 5000 on the AP side? Can you look into that before I call tomorrow, please? Yeah, I'll look into both of those things.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, boss. Thank you.
Felipe Corrado: Send me the invite and yeah, I'll.
Jacob Greenberg: Be on the call tomorrow. You got it. All right. Talk to you later. Thank you very much. Of course.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3442765.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195437Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
