---
title: Nickel Demo - Saad Rangoonwala
date: '2025-08-27'
time: '19:14:33'
duration_sec: 1981.33
duration_min: 33.0
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Saad Rangoonwala <saadrang416@gmail.com>
- Gilliane Romann <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 127
---

Jacob Greenberg: Good. So you guys hopped in a little bit early, so I wanted to jump in as well. So cool. Saad Jelane, I saw that you booked this meeting pretty recently. So yeah, typically the way we start is just give me a little bit of background about what you guys do, how you guys found us, and what you're looking to get from using Nickel.
Saad Rangoonwala: Yeah, so we're a small entertainment company in Charlotte, North Carolina. We focus mostly on blue twisting and face painting. Found y'all on Google just doing some quick search for a payroll system to use. We're a team of about 15-1099 contractors. So just looking for a pretty quick and easy way to get everyone paid and settle up without sending out a bunch of different payments at the same time. Okay, go for it. Gilliane, anything to add?
Gilliane Romann: No, I'd just love to see how it works. And if I have any questions, I'll jump in.
Jacob Greenberg: Sure, certainly we could do that. So I'll put up my demo environment here and show you guys a bit around it. So you guys are intending to use Nickel specifically for paying out the contractors, correct? For accounts payable?
Saad Rangoonwala: Yes.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. And then what is your current process today that you guys do?
Saad Rangoonwala: We just do Zelle's.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Saad Rangoonwala: We're pretty new to everything. We just started hiring people about a year ago and things have ramped up so quickly that we didn't even think to get a payroll software.
Jacob Greenberg: Nice. All right, very cool. It's funny, I was just in a room with a couple of colleagues talking about how we've been having a lot of people coming inbound to do this as well, to do just accounts payable to their own employees.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: What accounting system are you guys currently using?
Saad Rangoonwala: QuickBooks mostly, but we don't really connect to any mainstream. Most of our accounting is still on Excel.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. And when you do use QuickBooks, is that QuickBooks Online or QuickBooks Desktop?
Saad Rangoonwala: I'd have to ask her CPA. I don't do any of the financial accounting, more of the managerial side of just tracking ins and outs.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. Is your CPA involved in the payroll process at all in any of that? Not at all. Okay, cool. Cool. And then for accounts receivable, how are you guys charging clients so far?
Saad Rangoonwala: We use Wave, if you've heard of it.
Jacob Greenberg: I haven't.
Saad Rangoonwala: It's a free invoicing software, so it allows us to create invoices pretty quick and then they can pay through it. I saw that y'all do offer accounts receivable, and I guess if we were to discuss it, it would just need a way to invoice clients that we can send a PDF and they'd be able to pay through a link or some of some sort.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Yep. I'll show you that as well. It's super easy. We'll start with the AP side. I'll move into the AR side, show you how easy and similar both of them are. If you guys did ever want to integrate directly with QuickBooks, we have a two-way sync. If you do have accountants and you want to pass our responsibility for either generating invoices or accepting invoices from vendors and so on and so forth, it will just automatically update there. You have permissions and roles that you can create to make it easier to dissect workflows, but I'll just go ahead and pop in here. How many contractors did you say you guys have again that you guys are paying out on a monthly basis?
Saad Rangoonwala: About 15.
Jacob Greenberg: About 15. Got it. So would you pop in here, this will be, I'll give you a top level summary real quick. This is your summary page. So all of your transactions you'll be able to notice here from payable versus receivables, your account, what account is going to and from. And you can dive in a little bit deeper on the transactions tab. So you'll be able to see again what accounts, as in bank accounts or card payments are going to or from. And this is an easy way to just kind of sort through all the customers that you have. If you do have AR, AP, you can search by that individual, by the invoice number, by date, size, pretty much anything you need. Everything in Nickel is very easily exportable and importable via CSVs. So if you do live in Excel right now, it's just a two-step to sync everything. If you do transition over to QuickBooks, it's an automatic two-way sync. So the second you update something in Nickel, pushes to QuickBooks and vice versa. So we do have a lot of customers that love to create the invoice in QuickBooks and then send the payment request from Nickel. and it's really seamless. If you are doing the CSV method though for your own personal bookkeeping, you could come into each transaction and just click reconciled or flagged so that you have your own very lightweight version of an accounting system based on your CSV. I will just pop right into Bill.com. It's super easy and I'll walk through really quickly what it looks like for you and then your contractors that you're paying on the other end. And then I'll move into the accounts receivable side. But in Bill Pay, first thing you're probably going to want to do is upload your vendors. This will be your contractors in this instance. You'll see a lot of these QuickBooks icons. That means that this is a two-way sync with our demo QuickBooks account. But if you create a new vendor and it's not synced with QuickBooks, it will appear the exact same just without the icon. You'll enter that primary contact information, any billing information that they provide you. So do you currently have their banking information on file to send that, or do you request it every time you send out a payment?
Saad Rangoonwala: We use L, so there's no need for any banking information. We don't have it.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So in that case, essentially what would be easiest, I think, and it's up to you in your workflow, I'll do my recommendation, is once you create a vendor, you say no, ask the vendor to fill out the information. So all you need is their email or their phone number. So I'll do myself as an example here, and I'll do my email address. And you could require, so if you guys only want to do ACH or if you want to do payments via credit card, you could require a bank login. And then you go ahead and you click invite. Now I'm going to receive an email, ignore how messy my email is right now. And this will be your company name. All the emails that come from Nickel from your account will have a branded logo, company name, color schematic that you guys choose. So this will say your company wants to send you money via Nickel. And they have a secure portal to fill out their first time. So they'll come in here, some brief information about, you know, what is Nickel, how is it secure, and then you just go and get started. And you enter the business name, so these will all be contractors. Billing information and billing contact. You can enter the ACH so they could connect very quickly, just connect with Plaid, their bank account. And then once they do that, you just, so I'm not going to enter my phone number here and connect my bank account, but once that's put in, it just goes to the review and the submit page. And once that's completed, all that information is stored securely in NICOL. We're responsible for PCI compliance, so you guys don't have to worry about any security or risk holding on to your vendor or contractor information. And then you can just auto pay them. So from there on out, I'll come into a vendor, I can click Create Bill, enter the amount and the reason for payment. I could also upload any documents that I want. So a cool thing about NICOL is that any of the communications or contracts that you might have on a specific transaction, you can include on that transaction level itself. So if you do have contracts with these vendors, if you have invoices with line items of the amount of hours that they spent or for what events, any specific information can be tracked on that individual transaction. And you can also do recurring payments. So here's just a vendor view, and then I'll move into the bill view. From the vendor view, you'll just see more of an overview. what their contact information is, their total, your total spend with that one contractor, whatever open balance currently exists, and how many active bills you have. From the bill section itself, this is going to be a little bit more granular, and this is where you could create new invoices or new bills, and you could set recurring ones as well. So do you guys always do one-off invoices at the end of the month or beginning of the month? I mean, for payment or is it a recurring payment structure?
Saad Rangoonwala: Some of our back of the house people are recurring, but most of them are just however many hours they worked that payment cycle.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. So then most of them you'll just create a new bill each time and you can do it from either page. This will be all of your recipient names, all of your contractors, and you just go ahead and click that, enter the amount and upload the information. I'll show you what that looks like in a second. But you could also create recurring bills. So you'll see all the active recurrences that you have. Create a new recurring bill. So we'll pick an individual. And you can put either a number or purpose. So you can just say paycheck if you wanted to. And you choose the recurring schedule. So on a monthly basis, when it starts and when it ends. So this is going to be paid on the 28th or 29th of August. or of every month up until 2026. And it'll show you the payment schedule. Go ahead and click pay. And then you could choose to pay by ACH or by credit card. Go ahead and set up your ACH. We also will send out checks for you if you want. It's just $2 per check, but it's unlimited free ACH and 2.9% for credit card. On the bill pay side, most people, when they pay the bill, if they opt to do credit card, they're going to eat that fee. You can negotiate with people to do it. I don't think in your sense that really tracks as much. But for accounts receivable, most people use nickel so that they could pass along the credit card fee and not have to eat it. And it's really that simple. Once you make a payment, see if I can add my account information to one of these guys.
Gilliane Romann: So there is there a way to clock in and clock out and track the hours that will transfer over into a new bill?
Jacob Greenberg: No, so we're really just an accounts receivable and payable software. So we're payment processing for you guys. There's not really like timekeeping or employee management for clock in and clock out. Most people will either have like a ERP or a CRM that they manage, like a project management software where they'll clock whatever employee information or do it straight into QuickBooks. Typically, they'll sync that with QuickBooks and QuickBooks will sync with Nickel so that you can have an easier customer experience. The people getting paid have an easier experience. You have an easier time reconciling your books. And the big thing with Nickel is that it's unlimited free ACH. And that's really the cornerstone of what.
Gilliane Romann: We do, so that's
Saad Rangoonwala: never going to change. Okay. Y'all use Plaid to connect all your all the accounts?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, so Plaid is really the verification method that we use to prevent fraud.
Saad Rangoonwala: That's perfect. Yeah, I'm a big fan of Plaid and I think it'll be a lot easier because some of our contractors are anywhere from 17 to 20. Some of them aren't very savvy and don't know where to get the routing number and their banking information, so Plaid would make that a lot easier.
Jacob Greenberg: Great, yeah. Plaid is a really simple tool to use and anyone that's a little bit digitally native has probably encountered it more than once at this point.
Saad Rangoonwala: And so would that automatically generate 1099s at the end of the year or any of the tax information involved in NCR?
Jacob Greenberg: No, it wouldn't generate any tax information for you guys. It's really going to be you can imagine Nickel as just the portal for sending out and receiving the payments and the invoices. It creates a really unified customer experience. I'll show you what it looks like when you send or receive a payment and it reduces the cost of those as well. It makes reconciling in your books a little bit quicker at the same time. So typically, if I assume that your CPA probably helps with some of the tax taxes as well at the end of the year. Yeah. So if you did want to you could sync this with your QuickBooks account and you could even create a separate login for your CPA. And when it's tax season, it just makes it way easier for them to collect information. So sometimes CPAs will, and I know this from previous businesses that have worked in CPAs might charge by project or by hour and time. So if they are charging hourly or per time, it's going to save you a lot of money on that CPA bill by just not having to manually pass any information over, download Zelle history transactions, they're just gonna be able to see it live.
Saad Rangoonwala: And so in my bank statement, whenever we pay people, it'll show up as a bulk charge, I'm assuming, with the total amount we paid vendors for a specific period.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, so with Nickel, what happens is it's not a batch payment. So if you send or receive a large payment, it won't get deposited into the bank account in several different instances. We can handle large transactions. So everything's on a one-to-one basis. So you'll just see the individual transaction being settled or sent from the bank account.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha. Yeah, I'd love to see how the accounts receivable side works.
Jacob Greenberg: Sure. Let me hop into GetPaid real quick. So here is GetPaid. First thing I'm going to show you real quick is the payments portal. This is just kind of a generic payments portal that you can put on your website. We have some customers. Chicago Brass is one of our oldest customers who will just have a pay invoice button. And you click it and it's branded for you guys so you can make a really easy embedded thing on your website. This can be a custom workflow. So if you want somebody to have to enter You know, their first and last name or when the event was or any specific information you could request as well. That's just the generic portal though, on AE.
Gilliane Romann: I'd be good to have.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Okay. So what are you guys currently doing for AR?
Saad Rangoonwala: Oh, we're specifically, like we send in emails to everyone with an invoice. We're looking at adding a payment portal to our website. So that would be really cool. I didn't, I wasn't aware that y'all had that.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, that's a really easy tool to implement as well. It's created in 30 seconds, copy and paste the link into your website. But if you're currently doing this process of sending out invoices via email, we make that also that's kind of our bread and butter. We'll make that a lot easier and cleaner for your customers and for yourself. So just on a high level, you'll be able to see all of your historic invoices here, status of them, who the customer is, what the purpose is, whether it is a recurring invoice or a one time. I assume you guys are mostly going to have one-time invoices. Then you could easily send payment or make a reminder request, and you could set due dates and stuff. A lot of functionality in here is built around net terms, larger distributor manufacturer stuff, but it also will apply for you on a fundamental level. If you go ahead and click Create New Invoice, this is what the process would look like. I'll do a test. I'm going to put my email in here again, put a test. And do you usually have invoice numbers or an invoice purpose when you send out these invoices?
Saad Rangoonwala: Yeah, it's just a randomized number based on a sequence.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool.
Saad Rangoonwala: Like 001.
Jacob Greenberg: So you can do that as well. If you wanted to do numbers, you can. If you wanted to label it, like.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: Chalane's birthday party to invoice amount. And the invoice date is when you're sending it. The due date is when you want it to be paid. I'm not sure if it needs to be paid automatically or if it's 30 day, but you have two other options here. One, you could send it out. They could log in, enter their information and pay. Or you can send a request for them to just enter their information first and then you auto charge them. Seems like for you, you're just sending out the invoice and they pay when they're ready, so I'll show you that. Any information you want for the customer, so birthday party on XYZ, also the date can be when that event happened. And again, you could upload any invoices or any PDFs, excuse me, any documents you want on the transaction level. So when they receive this portal to pay the invoice, that line item invoice, if you had a contract, if you had any photos of the event, whatever you want to happen on that transaction level will be sent to them. And before I click Create and show you what that looks like, the last step is to check out this Advanced tab here. You do have the option to disable credit card payments, but with AR, pretty much nobody disables it because you're offering them the ability to pay whether in credit card or in ACH. and all of the fees associated are passed on to the customer. So it's completely free for both you and the customer for ACH. If they choose to pay in credit card, they'll see that as an option. So they could choose to pay for free in ACH. If they want the cash flow advantage of paying with a credit card, they can opt to do that as well.
Saad Rangoonwala: So they take on that 2.9%.
Jacob Greenberg: Correct. So it's really just the whole point of the platform is to create cash flow advantages for businesses. and to enable your customers to have every possible option to pay however they want to in the most convenient way for them without it taking any negative impact on your business. So what we see sometimes is we'll have customers that maybe only accept checks these days or only do ACH because credit cards cost them money. And they always have run into one or two issues with one of these different payment types. So we're just trying to help them provide their customers with every ability to pay any option?
Saad Rangoonwala: Yeah, we eat at 2.9% right now. So it would be nice to get it for free. What is the, okay, so are you.
Jacob Greenberg: Mostly receiving credit card payments then?
Saad Rangoonwala: It's, yeah, almost all, I mean, every now and then a check or a Zelle or something like that, but it's pretty much all credit card payments.
Jacob Greenberg: Just so I could quantify that a little bit for you guys, what is like typical monthly or annual revenue that.
Saad Rangoonwala: You guys are receiving in AR? Monthly from anywhere from 5 to 15 K. Gotcha. Okay, so that would be a decent chunk of savings.
Jacob Greenberg: And smack in the middle. Yeah, you guys are probably overpaying roughly 3600 annually right now. And as you guys grow, that will continue to go up. So we can take care of that super easy.
Saad Rangoonwala: Can I itemize an invoice? Sorry to interrupt.
Jacob Greenberg: No, no, absolutely. So walk me through what you're solving by itemizing and what that looks like for you guys.
Saad Rangoonwala: So, for example, we'd have a one line item that says one entertainer is $300 and then, or say they get one balloon twister, that's $300. The second balloon twister is our second face painter is another $300. So we itemize it. Is their ability to break it down like that or would they just see the total amount?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, there is an ability to do that, especially if you're pushing from QuickBooks. QuickBooks has that ability as well. You can do that from within Nickel and people can do a couple of different things. You could break that out on the invoice level in Nickel or you can just create a PDF invoice with the line items and attach that as a PDF with the total amount as a single transaction type.
Saad Rangoonwala: Does that make sense?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Typically it is just a little bit faster to move through the solution. If you have that Excel sheet that is uploaded as a PDF, with the line items for singular transactions, but you're also able to build in those individual line items.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: The one final thing on the advanced side of this new invoice before I create it and show you what it visually looks like is you can enable customers to edit the payment amount. So what this means is sometimes customers might want to pay partially in credit card or partially in bank. They can customize that as well, and it will just keep everything zeroed out on your end. So click Create and we automatically created this invoice. We have both the purpose and the invoice number, the due date and the invoice date and the amount. Now I could send this link via text message or via email so that people can pay on their phone or on their laptop. If you had their payment method on file, like they say, Hey, here's my credit card. Just run it for me. You could enter it and save it and then automatically just press charge. It'll do it for you. Or you could send out this link.
Saad Rangoonwala: And all the links would be customized with their name because it says DeGraw, so ours would say whatever.
Jacob Greenberg: Exactly. So this would have your business name here. DeGraw distribution is like our dummy demo account. So this will be your company and then this would be the invoice line item. So whether or invoice number or purpose. this would be your business name and your logo. And it says you have a new payment request. Saad requested a payment or company name requested a payment from who it's from, the email, the bill number and the memo. Then all they do is click pay now. And essentially what we're doing is we're creating a different like domain right here for each of your invoices. So they'll always be accessible and they'll always live there. If someone wants to go back and see what they paid previously, or track an old transaction, they can do so. All of the documents that you upload will be here. So if this is an example invoice, you can see it here. And this will have like line items of breakdown descriptions. And here they have the option to pay by card or to pay by bank. So you'll see that it's free to pay by bank. There's a 2.99% fee to pay by card. Some people will still elect to pay by card and some people still elect to pay by bank. We add this fee on after so that you don't have to calculate for that within your invoice. It's just charge them what they owe and we'll manage the card fees for you and you don't have to pay anything for it. They fill out their information and press pay and it's that easy. Everything will come back here and you'll see all the paid invoices.
Saad Rangoonwala: Does the phone version offer Apple Pay?
Jacob Greenberg: Apple Pay is actually something we're rolling out in the next like two months.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, that's been top of mind for us recently.
Saad Rangoonwala: Yeah, because that ease of just pressing a button really quick and paying for something would help for sure.
Jacob Greenberg: Let me check, maybe, might have done it a little bit sooner.
Gilliane Romann: In your experience, have you, seen businesses or clients give any pushback on the fee percentage?
Jacob Greenberg: No, just because you're offering them the option. So they have the ability to not have to pay the card fee or they can pay the card fee. A lot of our larger customers are manufacturers or distributors, like business to business, which is the primary base of users at Nickel. Will opt for credit card because it creates a cash flow advantage for them. They have a longer time to be able to pay off that credit card fee. And a lot of them have like 3% cash back already or at some point. So it kind of evens out, right? Just gives them a better cash flow advantage. We have had a couple customers, and this is why we have a feature when you create an invoice, you can customize the payment fees. So if you wanted to, you could pass on nothing to the customer and you can eat it all. Or you could split it 50/50. So we have a couple larger distributors that will work with manufacturers. They prefer to pay via credit card because of the cash flow advantage. And they worked out an agreement with that distributor because it's better for both parties if they do with credit card. It settles faster, they have better cash flow. They'll share the, you know, card split and some unique agreement that they have. But the vast, vast majority of people just give the option, hey, credit card's 3% or you could pay for free with ACH.
Gilliane Romann: Gotcha.
Saad Rangoonwala: And there's no...
Gilliane Romann: Sorry, it's definitely good to know because if you, let's say, get an older client that wants to pay cash to avoid those fees, we could still go in, void out the the contract or the invoice, make a new one, and then we'll eat it for that one client.
Jacob Greenberg: Right. Yeah, you can absolutely do that. So you can do it on an invoice by invoice basis.
Gilliane Romann: Okay.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Saad Rangoonwala: And so when I, when we get paid, how do, how does the money come into our account after? Is there a fee we're paying for that?
Jacob Greenberg: Nope. So as far as how long it will take. I'll walk you through the pricing plans. I think that you guys will be just fine on the nickel core plan to be to be honest. It is unlimited transactions, but it is capped at $25,000 per transaction. So if you did want to go to transactions higher than 25,000, you'd be on nickel plus. That's just $35 a month. The other benefit of nickel plus is you do have a customer success manager that's going to be assigned to your case to support you guys. You'll also have one day faster turnaround times for ACH. So instead of three days on core, it will be two days on plus. You also have next day turnaround for card payments, whereas on Nickel core, it's a two day turnaround time.
Saad Rangoonwala: Three active users, that means three.
Jacob Greenberg: That means, yeah, three people that can log into your Nickel account. Three.
Saad Rangoonwala: Oh, not three contractors or vendors. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: You can send all of that.
Saad Rangoonwala: Okay, that makes more sense because I thought that meant I could only have three contractors on both plans.
Jacob Greenberg: You could pay or receive payments from however many individuals or businesses. Super cool.
Saad Rangoonwala: Gotcha. Gilliane, any other questions?
Gilliane Romann: I don't. You actually went over everything pretty in detail.
Saad Rangoonwala: I appreciate you taking the time to sit down with us and talking through the system.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, of course. How do you guys feel about the solution for For your business, is this a good fit? I think so.
Saad Rangoonwala: I think we just need to discuss how we're going to handle time sheets and scheduling and stuff like that. But once we get past that hurdle and if we can figure out a solution that definitely is an option that we'd like to use, especially really cost effective comparative.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. Yeah. Is there any other, have you already looked into doing like time sheets and like human resource management, stuff like that so far?
Saad Rangoonwala: A little bit. I'm not sure if you know what home base is. That's the software we use right now. I'm not 100% a fan of it 'cause it's really pricey. So a way that we'd be able to streamline getting the timesheet on a semi-monthly basis. from there to nickel that doesn't take too many man hours or could be automated in some way would be nice.
Jacob Greenberg: Let me see. I'm going to check in with my dev team because I know that we already have the functionality to add line items on an individual basis for accounts receivable payments. And if it's as easy as just needing to like clock this amount of hours worked to this amount of pay per hour. We might be able to pretty easily have something on the build pay side for you guys. If it's just that basic of a functionality, I'll talk to them. They're very responsive. Otherwise, I've, you know, when I was a server, like home base is very popular in restaurants and in the restaurant industry, and I worked at toast, the point of sale system before I joined nickel, so I'm familiar with all those guys. Home base is one that I used a lot. Gusto is also one I've heard of. I'm not sure if they're a little bit more Homebase might be more affordable than Gusto.
Saad Rangoonwala: They were about similar. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. But either way, those tools do connect to QuickBooks. So let me talk and see if you could do it manually within Nickel. But if you do have a solution like that and you sync them to QuickBooks and then you sync QuickBooks into Nickel, those invoices for or those bill pay request invoices are going to be like super easy for you guys. Those line items are going to be embedded. The documents are going to be automatically embedded. The timesheets are going to be automatically embedded. and all you really need to do is create it on whatever, you know, HR or staffing solution you have, and it'll just sync straight to nickel.
Saad Rangoonwala: Yeah, I think I'd have to look into our, how our finance accounting is done. It's done by a family friend right now, to be totally real. So we're not too sure.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. Sounds good. Have you guys looked at other, before I let you go, because we do have 15 minutes, but. I will let you go a little early. Do you guys, have you looked at any other merchant services payment platforms so far?
Saad Rangoonwala: Not any of note, unless Gilliane's.
Gilliane Romann: I've worked with Square, Square Payroll and Square POS. So I'm familiar with them. I think they're a little bit more expensive than Nickel, but there's a couple other platforms. I'm sure of course, you know, Bamboo, ADP, but then you're getting into the hundreds.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Yeah. ADP is definitely the most common for payroll stuff, like by far and away everyone uses ADP. They are a little bit expensive though.
Gilliane Romann: They're the most expensive.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Saad Rangoonwala: You never figure out which website to use for ADP. There's so many different product solutions they have for payroll. It's pretty crazy.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, yeah. They have a bunch. of configurations for all types of businesses. Square is a little bit cheaper on the payroll side than ADP, but it's not significantly for their payments. I think that my understanding with Square is that they'll have a maximum fee that they can charge. It's like a percentage of ACH, but it maxes out at a couple dollars or something like that. But that does add up. And then a credit card, I don't think that they have a compliant way to pass surcharging right now. I think that's like a big hurdle for a lot of, at least the restaurants that I was working with that were on toes versus squares. They can't, there's a bunch of surcharging laws per state. What state are you guys in actually?
Saad Rangoonwala: North Carolina.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. You did say that. We have, if you wanted to check it out, we actually have written this blog post about surcharging laws per state. So this might be worth you know, looking into on your free time a little bit more. But we have a layout of all the surcharging laws in North Carolina, how we're complying with them, etc. Etc. But yeah, I think North Carolina is a little bit more relaxed than up here in New York. Cool guys. Well, if you have any more questions, feel free to reach out to me. I would say a good way to do onboarding for a case like yours is It's a free account to sign up and test. So you're not going to incur any charges if you wanted to create a login, do a test transaction amongst each other, connect your bank account and do that. And then what I can do here is I could set a check-in reminder for me to shoot you an email or we could touch base in a couple of weeks to just see how everything's going. In the meantime, if you need any assistance, if you do decide to move forward, or if you have any questions about integrations and best practices, please don't hesitate to reach out to me. Before we connect again, what I'll do is I'll talk to my development team and see if there, it might be an interesting thing for us to do is to add that very fundamental timesheet management for the build pay side.
Saad Rangoonwala: Yeah, I appreciate you talking to your devs about that. That would be super, super cool. And thanks again for your time. It was really, really helpful.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, y'all. Well, let me know if you need anything and keep in touch.
Saad Rangoonwala: Thank you.
Gilliane Romann: Have a great one. Take care.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3543551.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195451Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
