---
title: Dipping Dots x Nickel
date: '2025-09-18'
time: '19:01:07'
duration_sec: 3629.69
duration_min: 60.5
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Melinda <mylful@dippindots.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 131

# === STRATEGIC CLASSIFICATION (Transcript Classifier Agent v1.0) ===
call_type: demo
deal_stage: evaluation
customer_segment: whale
has_pain_points: true
has_objections: false
has_competitive_intel: false
has_use_case: true
has_pricing_discussion: true
has_integration_needs: false
primary_industry: hospitality
transaction_volume: above_threshold
ar_vs_ap: both
processed: false
dimensional_extracted: false
extraction_priority: high
---

Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. All right, so I know we connected the other week. Pretty much the purpose of this call is just to align once again. I know that initially you came across nickel because you had the general counsel over at J and J Snacks sent you our surcharging link, and you guys were exploring how to be compliant with surcharging for your franchisee payments across the country in every state. But specifically, at the time, you were evaluating for California. But then we had a little bit more of a conversation about how you're currently managing operations and that you guys had an internal process recently to charge the franchisees credit card fees should they elect to make those payments. And you have multiple ways of collecting these payments. So checks will go to a lockbox. You can collect ACH through one platform and. And credit cards and debit cards through another. Sometimes. You're occasionally getting phone calls to take the credit card information on the phone. So the purpose of my call is just to learn a little bit more about how your process works, give you a quick background on nickel. And I think that there's a couple things we might be able to do for you guys for keeping things a little more organized, saving some time on the collections and also saving you guys money and making sure you're compliant with certain charging laws across the organization. Does that sound like a fair use of our time today? Is there anything else you'd like to add to the agenda? Okay, great. So, yeah, can you give me a quick recap? Was that an accurate description of the current state inside your. Your AR team process? Is there anything else about the collections process that I'm missing? Gotcha. Great. So can you walk me through on your accounting side, when you're reconciling these payments that you're receiving from your franchisees, are you using. What type of accounting system are you using, and how do you reconcile with those once you receive the payments? No, it's okay. Okay. Do what you got to do. So does that happen often? Someone's calling you from the bank. It. Right. So he's going. Just for clarity, he's going to the bank to make sure that he could send an ACH transfer to you guys. Okay, so. No. Gotcha. No, it's. No. I mean, that's like Melinda. I mean, I take. I have five or six different calls like this a day with prospective users of Nickel, and I'd say about half of them mid call, they encounter some type of like, oh, I got to solve this problem for one of my customers right now. And I personally love it because it gives me a great example to use on like how nickel can help that specific situation and among other things. So it's a good touch point. Yeah. So I guess my question here would be if there was a way to streamline this so you wouldn't have to take these calls from the bank so that customers have one unified portal to make these payments and they're easy to view inside your end. Is that something on an organization side that you think would be impactful for your day to day? Okay. And on Extranet, on the extranet, that's for ACH and for credit card. I can't. Okay, so in this instance, why would the person who's going to the bank and making the call prefer to do that instead of using extranet? Got it, got it. Okay, got it. Now, now I know that there's two things here. There is your, you as the manager for accounts receivable, for DIP and docs, collecting the franchise payments. And then there's also the tools that your franchisees can use in order to do AR and do AP on their own. And I know that you had briefly brought up on our last call that the franchisees can elect whatever solution they choose to be able to do their own AR and ap. Gotcha. Okay, cool. So I think today it might make sense for me to demonstrate based on what your specific day to day would be, collecting these fees from the franchisees. And in doing so it might give you some insight into how some franchisees could use this tool as well to save 1 to 3% on their annual revenue and to make things easier. And it definitely goes together like if you use it on a top down method and then the franchisees start to adopt it, it just makes life easier for everybody as well. Are the fees. So tell me about the types of collections you're getting. Is it always the same fee, the same franchise payment from each franchisee or does it differ? Do you need to send unique invoices on a monthly basis or are they all recurring similar payments? Okay. Okay. And for these transactions, can you give me a little understanding of the volume, like the typical amount for these transactions and how frequently you're sending out invoices for them? Does it ever go above 25000 per transaction? Okay. And currently the way that you collect. So this is actually was the question I was asking before you received your phone call. When you get these payments and they come in through whichever means, whether it's a call in credit card and you guys are processing it through your portal through ACH or through a check. Once you receive these, how. What is the reconciliation process? How are you marking it down? Do you have a specific accounting system? Can you walk me through what it looks like on your end? Once you receive a maybe phone call, credit card payment, it. Mm, okay, great. All right, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna walk you through what it looks like inside the NCCL portal, and hopefully at the end of this call, the outcome will be we have a better understanding of how nickel works, how you guys are operating within dipndots, and an understanding of how this might be impactful. And a rollout for your operation specifically, or for offering it to your franchisees as an option for them to be able to save a pretty significant amount of money. Cool. Yeah, there's. There's two different ways you could do it. You can have each of your franchisees sign up independently on their own and create their own account, or you can create a master account and you can add each franchisee as their own individual account. And if you do it that way, you're pretty much offering it to them for free. It'd be $35 a month for you to use Nickel. And if we sign you up on that way, you could add each of your franchisees as their individual accounts. Show you what this looks like. Actually, so many things are easier to show than to tell if you. Here, let me show you. So I'll walk you through this platform and step by step in one second. Actually, you know what? I'll just start by doing the navigation here. So you'll be able to see a summary of all of your transactions. So this, say this is your environment, Melinda. Like this is you managing all of your accounts receivable stuff. You'll be able to see a summary of your recent transactions, a breakdown of all of your transactions that are easy to filter by customer invoice ID day, whether it's been completed or not, whatever filtering methods, it's really easy to do in here to search. And you can manage your accounts receivable and individual invoices from this page. Now this would be like a one off account. You can also sign up for a master account where you'll be able to add what we call clients, and you'll be able to access each of your clients pages as well. So here we have an example client A. But you'd be able to add multiple clients for all of your franchisees. So if you wanted to, and again, this is optional, you'd be able to hop into this page and see all the Franchisees accounts and if you wanted you could even have visibility into all of their accounts receivables and account payable. And by doing this method you actually get to offer the solution for free to all of your customers. Correct. And I'll show you what that portal looks like as well. So right now can you walk me through the process of like when you create the invoice itself, what tool are you using to create it and how are you sending it out to receive the payment? Yeah, walk me through the process of like how you create the individual invoices for your custom for your franchisees and how you send it out to them once you create it's okay. And so yeah, let's focus on franchise only for now and then you can tell me a little bit about the national. I actually yeah. How would the national accounts differ from the franchise only? Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Now within. So if they don't have access to the portal, how are they going to be making their payments? And when they want to make a credit card payment, when they want to make an ach they just have the right bank account, they send it on their own. And when they want to make a credit card payment, how would they do that without the portal got you. So once they make the payment, seems like you get a lot of, there's a lot of different avenues for people to pay. Once you get that payment, how are you keep. You need to, you take the payment, then you go into the accounting system and mark that they're paid. Right. It's a two step process. And then what accounting system do you guys use it. Okay, got it. It sounds like you guys have you got it since sounds like you guys take a good amount of credit card payments over the phone and are manually processing those. Does that take a. How much time are you guys spending doing 10% of payments are falling. Gotcha. Now just so I have a. And I know I'm asking a lot of questions. It's just going to help me just so I have a better understanding of kind of the volume that your six person team is dealing with. I know you said 10% of payments are these credit card call ins. How many payments like on a weekly basis do you guys manage? Overall? It's okay. It. Okay. Okay. And I'm, I'm just trying to Quantify. You say 10 to 20% of payments are need this second step of reconciliation. How many payments is that on a weekly basis? Like how many individual transactions are you guys managing in a given week? It could be a rough Estimate too. It. And that's just for these credit card payments that you're doing on this individual step, or that's overall every payment. Okay, gotcha. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That, you know, if you're still doing that, that manual, I'm just trying to quantify the time that you guys are spending doing these. So it's 30 a day and you're spending. Does five minutes on average seem fair to do that process? Right. So that adds up. On my end, I'm looking at 12 and a half hours weekly, 50 hours a month. You're spending just on these 20% of payments that are manual credit card processing, which is a pretty substantial amount of time. Yeah. Spending like 600 hours a year just doing that one process for your team. Okay, how about I hop in here and I'm going to show you a bit about the platform now and feel free to stop me at any point. And since you have so many different avenues going on, really the goal of this is to consolidate it, make it easier for your team to be able to send and request and receive these payments. We'll send the request for payments and receive them and then have an easier reconciliation process afterwards. Make sure that you're being completely compliant along the way. That's for storing the data for your customers. We ensure PCI compliance and SOC 2 compliance. That's also for credit card surcharging. So if your customers choose to pay by credit card, we'll ensure compliance on that front as well. But really, I'm going to walk through this since you have so many different moving pieces that I'm sure it's impossible for me to understand the complete full scope in a quick call like this. Stop me and let me know, hey, this doesn't apply. Or hey, this actually would be really impactful for us so that I could dive deeper into anything. Okay, so this is inside your nickel portal. This is a quick summary of your most recent transactions, but this would be a total summary of all of your transactions. Now, this is downloadable by CSV very easily and you could filter for any type of transaction. The type of data that will show is the date, the amount, where the money's moving from, how it's moving, whether it's a payment or return. I know we're just focusing on accounts receivable now, what account it's going to or coming from, and the invoice number or purpose. You can also pop in here to keep your ledger so that if you want to click reconciled on any of these accounts, if they do a manual payment Or a cash payment or something like that that's not automatically tracked in nickel. You could just come in here and click Reconciled. And that way when you download this report on a daily basis, you could see which ones are reconciled and which ones aren't. Just for that extra step process takes less time. But generally the point of NCL is so that you don't have to go through one by one to make sure that everything's getting reconciled. It'll do it for you. On the Get Paid tab here, there's a couple cool things that I want to show you. This is more of an Easter egg, but we have this generic payment portal here that you could plug into your website or into your outbound invoices so that your franchisees can pop in here and make a payment. And everything will be branded with your name, your logo and a banner image that you want. But as far as creating the invoices themselves, we'll sync to your accounting system. So we could build this sync with you based on whatever system you use. It might take a little bit of time for our dev teams to connect to build that automatic sync to remove the manual process. Or you could keep it manual and just reduce some of the manual steps you're currently doing. So if we do sync with your system, once you create an invoice in your system, it will automatically populate here. So you just have to click into it and click Request payment. But for today's purposes, I'm going to show you what it looks like to create an invoice, even if for you guys, you're going to try to automate this. And I'll also show you what's up with the recurring payment section here on nickel, because I know that you have some recurring payments that you guys use. But I'm going to just do this for demonstration sake to show you kind of what it looks like to receive on your franchisee side or for your national account side, the request for payment. So I'll do Melinda Dippin Dots create a new customer here. But we would also be able to import your existing account. So any information you currently have would automatically populate within nickel. I'm going to add my email address and my contact just so I could show you what it looks like to receive it with the invoice number and an invoice amount. This one will be a one time payment, but you can also make this recurring. So if you do have franchisee fees or anything like that that are the same price on a recurring basis, you would just click recurring click the cadence when you want it to start. And yeah, if you, if you want to charge the same amount on a very specific schedule, this would be the move. Is that something that you guys currently do or are looking to do? Okay, gotcha. And that is for like franchise payments or something else. How are you guys currently doing that? Is that through the extranet? Oh, okay, okay. So it's a more of a manual process. Okay, cool. So that's something we could automate for you guys. For this example, I'm going to do a one time payment just to show you what it looks like. So this will automatically populate if you're creating your invoices within your own system. Or you could create them individually. One off the way that I'm doing it now, you can put any notes for the customer as well on this transaction. So let's put some example notes for the customer based on transaction. Another neat feature here that some businesses we work with really, really appreciate is you could upload any documents into this transaction type. So I'm just going to upload the Dippin DOS logo as an example. But you can upload if you have net terms agreements or contracts with those customers, photos of shipments, anything like that can live on the invoice level itself to reduce the back and forth communication you might have in like email threads. It'll all live in one very organized place, easy to access for your team and for your franchisees. On the advanced tab here I just want to show you that you can allow the customers to edit the payment amount. So what this means is that if your customer has one large bill, say they have that walk in freezer, they're ordering a $25,000 order and they want to pay half of it in credit card and half of it in ach. They could do that on their own easily and it's very easy for you to see and manage. But also we do have some companies that say, you know, we work with this one company that will have one bill for the year, one invoice for $4,000 for example, but the customer will pay $1,000 every quarter. So the customer will just go in and add the thousand dollars for each quarter and make that payment and we'll live on one invoice level. So there's a lot of ways you could customize this based on your preferences. But, but it's a neat feature. So I'm going to show you what it looks like and we have a couple options here. Do you ever auto charge your customers or do you always send out the request for payment and let them pay whenever they're ready. Gotcha. Yeah, so you could do that as well. You could import your customer data, or you could request your customer to complete a form to fill out the data and it will assign it to that customer in here. And once they do that, you'll just be able to go ahead and click charge customer. And if it's a recurring payment, it will auto charge that customer on whichever cadence you set. This just makes collections a little bit easier, as I'm sure you know. But for this one, I'm going to send out an individual payment link and show you what it looks like. Now, you can send this via text message or via email or via both. Today I'm going to send in my email to show you what it looks like. My email inbox might be a little messy, so please ignore the mess, but in the demo environment I'm using, the company we have is called Degr Distribution. So this would say Dippin Dots. It would have the Dippin Dots logo, says you have a new payment request. Say Melinda Fuller or Dippin Dots Accounts Receivable requested a payment. It'll show the amount, who it's from, the bill number, and any other information you want to include. Any attachments like the one that I included for this example will show up in the email, but it will also show up on the payment invoice link. So this would be that customer's payment portal. All of the documents will be downloadable from here. If there's a line by line invoice, it'll be accessible from here for download. If there's been previous transactions with this customer, they'll show here. They'll populate below the payment amounts that they could very easily see all of their historic transactions, outstanding BAL balances, etc. But the nuts and bolts of nickel is that we're providing the option for your customers to pay however they like without incurring any additional time or fees on your side. So it's one clean and easy to use portal. They could choose to pay by card or they could choose to pay by bank. We'll see that the invoice for this transaction is $2900. And if they pay by bank, there's no fees. They could do their ACH directly from here. And a lot of businesses use nickel just to get their customers that are very familiar with doing checks only to start to do ACH because it's easier for record keeping and you really just need the exact same information that would be on the check or they could pay by card. And you'll see that Nickel will automatically apply the credit card fee to the transaction itself and it will populate here so they have the option to pay by card. We find, and I think I said this before, but we find 17 to 22% of the time customers of Nickel users prefer to pay by card just because it's a cash flow advantage and most people have like 3% cash back cards at this point anyway. But it's very clear to them what the cost would be should they choose to pay by card or should they choose to pay by bank. This card rate you can customize if you want to share the processing rate with the customers. But I understand for Dippin Dots, you're passing that on to the franchisees if they elect to make that payment. So we will automatically do that for you. And there's no need to individually update each of these records for invoicing to account for that different fee. We'll take care of it. And that's essentially it. There's a one time payout once they make the payment. Oh, I forgot to show you that they could change this amount if they want to. So they could pay partially by card. Yeah, they could partially pay exactly. Yep. So then they can make this update and they could pay however they want. So I changed it to 15. So now I could see I'll pay by bank for 15. And then once that payment comes in, you'll see it here. Once it's completed, it'll come into this active stage here or in the completed stage. Excuse me. And you'll see the amount of it and how much was paid. Now in our demo environment, we've marked these as paid just as examples since we're not actually moving money in the demo account. But the reason why I wanted to show you this is so you could see when and account has paid. But also you could see here the transaction was for $1 and they paid 50 cents. So you know that there's still an outstanding 50 cent transaction. This one we manually marked as paid. But if it was unpaid, it would be typically just stay in the active account inside the transaction level. Yeah. So what you'll do is if you want to download the report. So I'll do an example download here. Let's say for a specific date range do last 30 days. Only have two transactions here. But I'll download a report and it will look like this. Sorry I have so many screens open right now. Melinda, it's my fault. I'm getting disorder. Okay, can you see My screen here. Great. So inside the report you'll be able to see the ID of the transaction, whether it's receivable or payable for you. It will all be receivables. You'll have the reference which is going to be the invoice number, the date it was created, the status of that transaction, whether it's completed or not completed, the payment method, holder name, and the payment method itself. So you'll see if it was a bank transaction or if it was a credit card transaction. And within this report, once you open it up, you'll be able to make, you know, filter and sort based on that. That's pretty much the nuts and bolts. Before I dive deeper into anything specific, the payment portal page itself. Does, does this seem like it's kind of scratching the surface for you guys on being able to keep the payment method more organized and provide optionality to your franchisees? Cool. So this would be for your end specifically. Again, you could set up each of your franchisees with this option. And we're typically saving 1 to 3% in revenue for businesses by removing all ACH costs and passing on credit cards to customers. Now you're able to manage all of your customers from here. And you could add new customers as well. You can manage the invoices from here. Now, if I wanted to create a new customer and I want to have this customer, so I put your name Melinda as an example. Provide me with their banking information. I could add it manually on my own. I could also request it from them. So if you onboard a new customer, I could request please upload banking information for automatic payments. I'll send that request. And then here within nickel, it'll have again your logo. It'll say Dippin Dots. And it'll say Dippin Dots wants to save your payment method on file. And this only has to happen one time when they first get started. It's a description of why Dippin DOS wants to save the payment method on file. You accept the terms and conditions and you could read them by clicking this link. And that's it. They go ahead and enter their information. They could even just click one button to sync their bank account. Or they could upload their card information by just typing in the details here. And it's going to automatically save that information within your Nickel account in a PCI and SoC2 compliant way. So then you can go ahead and automatically charge customers without having to send out the payment method, without having to send out the accounts receivable invoices themselves. You can also very Easily go to all unsent invoices. Oh, sorry. So this is if you wanted to automatically debit and charge customers without sending the request for payment, without sending the portal itself and having them do it on their own. So for those recurring payments that you have, where they provide you the bank information, they may be paying every week or every month, you could automatically charge them once they opt into doing it, so that you don't have to send out the individual link, which you can continue to do if you, if you want to anyway. And it's really easy to come in here and click on unsent invoices, see every invoice that I've created but I haven't sent. You could highlight all of them and just click send payment receipts or send payment requests. So I can send out all 15 or all 30 of these requests on a daily basis with one click. And again, we're going to ensure that you're surcharging compliant in every state. We're going to ensure that your PCI and SoC2 compliant as well. So we only have a bit of time left here. I'm happy to go over a little bit, but I wanted to pause and get your reaction, a temperature check on what you think about what I've showed you so far for nickel. Do you think this is something you'd be able to benefit from if you had it within your workflow? Yeah, so I'd have to run it by my internal team based on volume, but typically I'll show you how the pricing works here. It's pretty straightforward. So you can have a free account and your customers, your franchisees can sign up on their own for a free account. But because it'd be a larger environment, what we'd want to do is assist you in that and make it more organized so it's not just kind of willy nilly. We have a system in place to better support the customers once they get onboarded based on what your requirements would be for them. But you can sign up for a free account. The free accounts just cap the transaction limit at $25,000 per transaction. So the alternative is a Plus account where there's no transaction limit. You could do up to several million dollars per transaction. And there's some other neat features in there, like quicker turnaround times. But we do have a setup for, we call them accounting accounts where you have multiple clients in there. That was the one that I showed you. Let's see this one here where you could pop in and manage from within your client's account. So if it would be valuable for you to have access to the AR and AP of your franchisees, this would be a really unique and cool setup. Typically when we're working with these, what happens is the master account, which would be you guys, the parent account, pays $35 a month and then can upload an unlimited amount of clients for free and provide them with nickel plus for free, whatever client that they create the account for. And then your franchisees will be able to also log into just their account, not see the master account, but see their own account here, and it'd be for free. However, if you guys do have several thousand locations, we might need to come up with a different structure. But I just need to connect internally to confirm with that. We might also do it same way we've been doing it with other people, where you just pay the 35amonth for one account to master and then you can upload everybody else for free underneath. But if that's something you're. Is that something you'd like for me to explore? The pricing for this would be the fee passed to the customer who's making the payment. So it wouldn't be for you, it'd be for whoever's making that transaction that was right here. How would you like to pay? You could pay by bank for free or the 2.9% fee by card. It's different technically from a surcharge because of the way that we manage the processing rate. In effect, it is surcharging, but the way in which the account is set up, it's not going to be considered technically a surcharge. It's a fee for using nickel as a platform. Yeah. Okay, cool. So I know you said you had to talk to some people internally. It seems like this is something that you're considering more valuable for the franchisees than for your six person team. Is that correct or am I missing the mark there? Okay. Okay. Are those conversations that you think would benefit from me assigning like a specialist to be able to walk them through another demo or to answer other questions as well? Gotcha. Gotcha. So it seems like this is something that could be. That's for the franchise side, for your team internally. What would be your temperature check on using a solution like this for your team? Yeah. How would you like, how would you feel about implementing this for your 6 person team? It gotcha. Yeah. So I just had a couple thoughts. One, it seems like if you did get your franchisees to start to use a tool like this, that would in effect benefit you guys Whether or not you're using nickel. Right. You'd have that 20% of call in credit cards would probably drop substantially. You would combine the place you're receiving ACH and credit card payments as well into a singular location. You might even receive less checks because it's all consolidated. So I do see why you're like, hey, this might work really well for our franchisees because in effect, it's going to save them money, but it'll also save your team time as far as using it for your team for setting out the invoices. Yep. One time import. So you have all your information there. Same process for creating the invoices that you currently go through, but it's just a consolidated place to be able to store all that transaction information and be able to make sure everything's compliant and being accepted in a timely manner and being organized this way, when you're receiving payments, you're not going to be receiving them through 100 different systems like bill.com or call in cards. It's all going to be in one singular location to keep it easier for you guys to track and save you guys that 600 hours at least annually. And just doing that tracking work, that's kind of where I'm seeing the big benefit here for you guys. And then for the franchisees themselves, I'm seeing it as just organization for you to have visibility into those processes, but for them also saving them 1 to 3% of their revenue, which is a pretty substantial amount if they're doing at least 500,000 to a million and a half a year. Can I ask what would. If this was. I know you already mentioned it, but just so I can take clear notes, if you were to evaluate this for the franchisees themselves, what would be the steps and the people involved in that decision process? It. Yep. Yeah, that's perfect. Okay, so it goes to the director, then the board, they review it and then they'll pass it around to the different individual franchisees and then they can make their own option on how they would like to use this tool or not. Is that accurate? Okay, cool. And then as far for you guys, if you were to implement a tool like this internally on your team, what would that evaluation process look like? It. Mm. Gotcha. I would definitely be interested. I know you said that the council at J and J sent you the link to our website. I would be definitely interested in connecting with them just to see how they found us and if there's anything we could help with them on the compliance side. But I want to Know how do you know what the best way to get in touch with that individual would be? Okay. Yeah, gotcha. Okay, so as far as getting this in front of the franchisee director, is that something that you would, you would do personally or is that something that we should set up a meeting or I should send some information to them? What would make the most sense on that front? Okay. And is there any type of information I could provide you to make that easier for you? Okay, totally understood. Typically, just so that you're armed with the most information you can and to reduce the amount of individual homework you or the director would have to do, we offer, if you wanted to send an email or CC us, I could include somebody on our team that would offer a calendar invite for a demo whenever they prefer. They'll just schedule it on their own. So I could send you a demo link. We also have some resources of like YouTube video walkthroughs that are easy to manage on your own terms and explore. But yeah, I think typically in this type of situation, since it is a really big operation and there are a lot of moving pieces, it usually takes less time to evaluate by just having a one on one call. So I'm happy to extend that option to you and to the director as well. Gotcha. Yep. So just so I'm aware, keep it on my radar and don't lose track of everything. What timeline were you thinking about, you know, having that conversation? Is this something that's going to take like a week day, a month? Talk to you next year? What should I set on my calendar? Okay. Okay, totally understood. So if next week is the end of the fiscal year, I imagine it's probably a bad time to try to touch base with you and them. How about, can I throw something on for Reconnect for two weeks from now? Hopefully you guys can touch base between them. We could pivot around that. Reconnect. You could reschedule it if you need to, but we'll set that date just to touch base and see how that conversation went. And it'll also just book the time on my calendar should you actually want to have another conversation or have that person join a conversation. We'll be able to add them and it'll be secure on my calendar just as a backup option. Does that sound all right? Awesome. Okay, cool. So I'm looking at October 2nd would be two weeks from today. I'll send out that invite now and you could feel free to email me and ask me to add anybody you want. Or you can probably go ahead and add it yourself as well. Well, feel free to do so. And if you have any questions in the meantime, feel free to reach out to me via email. I'll send you a recap of our call today and any resources that might be helpful to empower you to be able to share the right things with the right person. Because I know we talked about so much today and I just want to make sure you have everything. Okay, I'm sending out the calendar invite now. Can you go ahead and just let me know that you received it? And if you get it, can you accept it to secure the time on my calendar and prevent me from being double booked it? Yes, it is. Okay, great. All right, Melinda, I'm happy we made some time to talk today. It seems like this might be something that could take a little bit of time to implement from the internal procedures over there at Tippin Dots, but could have some really good benefits for your team, whether or not you guys are the ones using it or the franchisees start to use it. It seems like the net effect of that would be a little bit more organization and time saved on your side side. So I'm excited to potentially work together in the future. We'll keep it open for now. I think next steps here are share it internally with whoever you think would make the most sense. And I have a calendar meeting set up for us for Thursday the 2nd in October. And if you want anybody to join that meeting, you're more than welcome to invite anybody or have me add them to the event. All right, Melinda, I appreciate it, and have a good rest of your day. Talk to you soon. All right, bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3917984.m4a?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195502Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
