---
title: Alaska Wholesale LLC - Matthew Fischer
date: '2025-09-03'
time: '18:21:16'
duration_sec: 1503.49
duration_min: 25.1
participants:
- Participant 1 <null>
- Participant 2 <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 133
---

Participant 1: Yeah.
Participant 2: Awesome. Yeah. I know you had a demo scheduled with Christian on our team. I wanted to reach out from the customer success team. So unfortunately, we have a partner that we utilize for our financial, like, services that we provide. And unfortunately, it looks like you guys do business on one of the prohibited activities list. So unfortunately, we are unable to support any kind of gambling casinos sweepstakes.
Participant 1: So we're not just. So let's. So we are not the gambling side.
Participant 2: Okay, so what?
Participant 1: So in Alaska, it's charitable gaming. We don't deal with that side. We provide the system, which is the iPad and that side of it. So it's not the gambler's money. It's a business to business.
Participant 2: Okay. And who. Who are the customers that you're generally working with? And can you just tell me a little bit more about.
Participant 1: Sure. So the customers are nonprofits in Alaska. And so the way it works is so there's two sides. So if you go to a bar, you have the customer pays the bar to get on to the tablet. That's not us. That's the gambling side, which I get. Nobody wants to touch that side. We are, and we're licensed through the state. We provide the gaming system, and that's where the bar pays the nonprofit and the nonprofit pays us. And so it's. It's all business to business. It's not the gambling aspect.
Participant 2: Okay, that's. That's helpful information. I know you had put your note in here too, that you were looking to discuss payment processing, hoping to set up something where you would send one invoice to your customer. Do you envision, like sending that via email, phone, just however you could send it to them?
Participant 1: Whatever we can make work. That's what we're trying to explore with you guys, how that works. So. And then in Alaska, this is kind of a new thing, and we're helping generate the legislation for it. And so that's where we're already in the business. But for Alaska, this is a different aspect of it. And so we're trying to figure out with you guys what can we do, what we can make work and how we make that work. Yeah.
Participant 2: So no, I appreciate the additional context and sorry for. You know, we have so many companies who sign up to use us every day, and unfortunately, a lot of them will be in kind of the. Some spaces of prohibited activities that we can support. So appreciate you giving me some more clarification here. One thing that you had mentioned. So that invoice includes a payment that may need to be split and sent to 10 or more different bank accounts. Our vision is that one approval from them initiates all the transfers. So on our side, typically you can have multiple bank accounts within nickel. However, I don't know how that split exactly would work too. So are these bank accounts owned by your company? Are they part of the non profit as well? What is the.
Participant 1: So they're all private accounts. And so I'll kind of draw the tree here. The way this. So we provide the system, the, the bar. They get to keep 30% of the money that they raise. Okay.
Participant 2: That's like their commission type fee.
Participant 1: Yeah. So that other 70%, 30% comes to us for supplying the system. That's where you're gonna start. See? And then nonprofits goes that other 60% and they can divide that up amongst the different nonprofits.
Participant 2: Or is that, is that 40%? Because you said the bar takes 30, you guys take 30 and then the nonprofits get the other 40%.
Participant 1: Right, right. And so that 40% can. The bank accounts are owned by the non profits.
Participant 2: And it's multiple, multiple non profits that you'd be splitting that 40% with.
Participant 1: Yeah, we've. We've got roughly a thousand non profits.
Participant 2: Okay.
Participant 1: That one bar, we'll probably limit it to 20 just because I don't want to go insane. Yeah, but so that one private, the bar owns their bank account. And when I was looking at your thing, it's almost like we need the accounting. The accountant version is what I'm.
Participant 2: Yeah, we use most likely like the. So it's kind of an accountant or holding view company. So how that would work is you'd create your account and then there would be like a clients tab you'd click on that you would go to add a new client. You would either add like the bar in this case, this is. That would be more so to kind of view like the bookkeeping aspect of it. It's also used typically if there's like a parent, child company relationship. Potentially could also work for your use case. I'm just trying to investigate this a little bit to understand, try to provide the best recommendation for you. So let me just look at the rest of this note. So 300 to 500 invoices each month with the invoice ranging or averaging five accounts that need to be paid off of it. Transaction amounts be from a dollar to 90,000 with the average being 13,000. And for the payment. So you would be issuing this invoice to. It would be to the bar. Right, that's great. So the bar would, they would keep their 30% they would provide. Are they providing the 70% to you directly and you're divvying it out or you only see that.
Participant 1: So we're trying to avoid. That is our preference. And that's what we're. We. We're trying to get it that goes right from the bar to the nonprofits. If it. The way it currently works with our. We do a paper side of it right now. Okay. Right now it has to go to the nonprofits, then to us, which is just too cumbersome when we start going electronic because it's, it's split up. So we're trying to do is get it straight from that bar. So that 13,000 is what comes away from the bar. They've already kept their money at that point.
Participant 2: Okay.
Participant 1: So out of that we're hoping to make it work. That 30% of that comes to us and then that other 60% or 70, whatever is going straight to those non profits so we don't have to try to claw money back from the nonprofits.
Participant 2: I got. You know, I'm following question for you. You guys aren't classified as an independent service vendor, are you? With this kind of method of having to pay out the nonprofits.
Participant 1: I don't know what that means.
Participant 2: That that would be something if you were able to look into once we get off this call, just as a verification because that is something that we're unable to support. You might be registered as it just given the way that your business operates. But if you are not, I'm happy to talk with our team to kind of discuss your use case and see if this makes sense. I know some people on our team had flagged this as an interesting account and based on the message you provided, interesting use case. But they were under the impression that this wasn't a business we could support. Now I'm thinking that we might be able to support this. We just have to. There are some additional aspects with our partner that we have to make sure we cover. So. So for these gaming or like the tablets, the systems that you're providing. So is that A1 and kind of done situation? Are you selling it? Are you renting it out to the bar for an extended. For a certain period of time. How does that work?
Participant 1: So that's where they're commission based. It's a profit sharing based. So that's what that revenue is every month. So we're looking at. Minnesota has these right now. That's what those average are seeing. That's the averages that we're seeing. In our. When I say our company, the. The company that we use, Pilot, is in Minnesota. Those are the numbers they're seeing. So we expect to see same averages here.
Participant 2: I got you.
Participant 1: Yeah, it's. It's just we maintain it. We own the software. And yeah, it's. And it is hard because I totally understand. And I never want to be on the credit side of the gambling side. That's customer to bar. That's a whole different thing. We're 100 business to business and.
Participant 2: Yep.
Participant 1: Yeah. So we have a paper side, our paper size 907fulltaps.com, which is right now. That's. We've been in business for 30 years here.
Participant 2: I gotcha. What are you guys expecting to do in terms of kind of annual revenue with this new division?
Participant 1: Yeah, so we'll probably be looking. Our goal is about 80. 90 million.
Participant 2: 80 to 90 million, yeah. And for those. The payments that you're. So you would send the invoice to the bar, they're going to pay you that. Are they generally paying that via just like a wire transfer or ACH or how are they ach.
Participant 1: What? It has to be. Yeah. And this, this is the coolest thing about our business. They have to pay by law by the state. They can never be late.
Participant 2: That's really nice. We have 100% odd time, better payments. That's awesome.
Participant 1: It's like, it's. Hey, your device is shut off if you don't pay. So. Yeah.
Participant 2: Well, that's. That's really cool that you guys have that on your side. What are you guys doing in terms of like the. The legislative side?
Participant 1: Yeah. So that's. The law is. We're working with one of the centers here. We expect this to be passed in January, which means we gotta have our ducks in a row. And that's why we're working with you guys now trying to figure out what we can do. This type of processing hasn't been allowed in the past. They've had to write us checks, and we're modernizing that system because I got a huge stack of checks here beside me. Yeah.
Participant 2: Nobody likes dealing with. Dealing with the checks.
Participant 1: And it's just silly. So they have already, like, hey, we got to go to ach. And now it's just a matter of like, okay, how can we make this work? The process, dealing with nonprofits, accountability. I don't want to bring 90 million into my account and then send out 60 million. You know, that's a lot harder process than it going straight to the nonprofits. And it Also security wise, it protects us that somebody out there in the web is not looking. Hey, this guy's got a shitload of money in his bank account because he's got all possession of all these accounts. And that's, you know, the big one for us is trying, I think from what I read is we don't have to keep on our systems all their banking information.
Participant 2: Nope, exactly.
Participant 1: Yeah, we got hacked. We're not giving up our life.
Participant 2: Of course.
Participant 1: Yeah.
Participant 2: And just so you know as well, nickel is also like on the front, front lines when it comes to protecting our customers from fraud. So I mean, our accounts, everything is like hackers would have to get through all of that before they could ever touch any of our customers. So that's one of the reasons a lot of companies like to use us, you know, besides like the free ach. And we do provide that for customers, I believe, you know, based on the volume you're doing, you do have some of those invoices over the $25,000 kind of threshold. So we have two plans. You probably looked into this a little bit, but the nickel core plan, that's the free plan, it allows for free unlimited ACH, but they're capped at $25,000 per transaction. You can do unlimited of those, you just cannot do one at like say 26,000. But if you're on the nickel plus plan. So our paid for subscription, that it speeds up the ACH processing and it also allows for larger limits, so we actually bump up the limit from 25,000 per ACH transaction to just under a million dollars. Do you kind of have a sense of what plan you would be looking at when it comes to. I know you said the average was 13,000, but you do have some that are, you know, above that $25,000 range.
Participant 1: Yeah, and we don't mind paying, I mean, as long as things are reasonable.
Participant 2: Of course. Right.
Participant 1: But it's like you guys, just like us. You guys deserve to make money.
Participant 2: Yeah, of course.
Participant 1: And you know, we respect that. So that's part of what we're looking at here. Hey, can you hold on one second? I got the other guy that was going to be on that zoom. He's wondering what's happening.
Participant 2: Oh, yeah, of course.
Participant 1: Let me text him here real quick.
Participant 2: Sounds great. Yep.
Participant 1: He's wondering what's happening.
Participant 2: Yeah, sorry. I tried to. So my colleague had transferred like the meeting over to me, but unfortunately he created it, so it wasn't letting me start it myself. So I thought I'd just give you a quick Call here just to make sure that didn't keep you waiting. But sorry, I didn't realize. Kept your colleague waiting there.
Participant 1: Yeah, no, no, that's no problem. I'm the main one you need to talk to. He's, he's my employee so for sure, as long as I get. But yeah, so that's, you know, we're trying to work with you guys. Let us, you know, what can we do? What do we need to make it do to work?
Participant 2: Well, I know this isn't, I know this isn't ideal and so we're, I'm going to try to push your like desired use case to our team to just to kind of see what their thoughts are. But I know for like as long as you know, you know everything checks out on our side from a federal regulation standpoint, which it sounds like it should. I know what we could, we could absolutely do where you would send an invoice to the bar, they would pay you the full amount. You would then receive all, you know that, that full amount and then on the accounts payable side you would pay to each of the non profits that you need to via an ACH payment. So that would, there'd be no charge for that. It'd be free for you and for your customers, but you would just pay the portion that they're owed on like the accounts payable side. That's not your ideal workflow, but I know that is one for sure that it sounds like we could support. What system of record are you guys using today? Like ERP base?
Participant 1: Explain what you mean here.
Participant 2: Are you on like a. Yeah, counting. Are you guys on like a QuickBooks Netsuite QuickBooks. QuickBooks.
Participant 1: But on this. So this, the manufacturer will work with us and we'll probably create a customized program that. So they send us a report each month and they can make this all automated so that we're programming that invoice goes straight out.
Participant 2: Are you guys on the QuickBooks version? You're on. So I know you're mentioning a custom kind of system for QuickBooks. Is that the desktop version or is that the online version that you have?
Participant 1: Freaking enterprise desktop.
Participant 2: I got you. Unfortunately, we don't have a native integration available for customers with desktop yet. It should be coming in the very near future. We do have one with QuickBooks Online, but generally for some customers, like what we would do in that scenario, we could Definitely download a CSV file from QuickBooks Desktop and upload that. Just given the volume that you guys are doing. I'm wondering what kind of makes the most sense for you guys and from a workflow perspective, just given kind of the volume of invoices that you're doing each month.
Participant 1: Yeah. And that's it. We are open if you guys say, hey, this program's out there. So this, this is a new side of the business that we're open to whatever we make work the most efficiently. We can't for our paper side, we can't get away from QuickBooks Desktop just because we have physical inventory that has to work with them, unfortunately.
Participant 2: Of course.
Participant 1: Yeah.
Participant 2: And no worries. We're never really trying to seek to replace QuickBooks. We know it's pretty fundamental for a lot of businesses. Like 98% of customers are using QuickBooks today. We are just essentially an add on of QuickBooks or make up for a lot of the things that they mess up and aren't good about.
Participant 1: Right.
Participant 2: But I'm gonna.
Participant 1: We got a lot of business now.
Participant 2: Yeah, we, we absolutely do. So now we are. Yeah. The company's been around since 2022, but we have over 10,000 companies who use us for AR, AP or both. We actually were just ranked. I'm not sure if you're familiar with G2, but it's like an online kind of review platform, especially for software. It's one of kind of the gold standard review sites. But we were just rated as well. We have been the number one easiest platform to use by their standards, but we actually just got ranked as the highest rated payments platform as well. So we're super excited about that. And yeah, everyone, they hate our competitors, they hate QuickBooks, so they love to use us. And as long as we don't piss them off, they're great customers.
Participant 1: So going back to your plans, what is the fee structure on the paid plan? How does that work?
Participant 2: Yeah, so there's two. So you can either pay for it monthly at $45 a month or there's an annual option where it comes out to be $35 a month billed one time at $420 annually. So that's a 20% discount. There are no other fees or transaction charges with nickel. The only way that you would pay anything greater than that subscription fee is if you were eating like a credit card surcharge from your customers on accounts receivable or if you're paying bills with nickel on accounts payable via credit card, in which case there's a 2.9% fee. However, if you're just doing ach, there's no fee whatsoever for you or for any of your customers.
Participant 1: Okay. So I. It seems crazy cheap.
Participant 2: Yeah, we. We get that a lot. So, like I mentioned, because, I mean.
Participant 1: I'll be honest, we're never going to touch a credit card. We're not allowed to.
Participant 2: Yep.
Participant 1: And so, you know, I want to make sure that you guys don't look and say, man, just for 420 bucks, this isn't worth it, because I think you guys have services that we can use.
Participant 2: Well, we are. I mean, we are constantly trying to innovate and create new products, and potentially there will be, you know, other options down the line. If a customer even. We have lots of customers. I know a lot of legally your customers cannot pay via credit card, but even for our customers who are on, like, the free plans, we have data that shows one out of five of those invoices is paid for with a credit card. So even for customers where they're not paying us anything, maybe their customers are depending on how they pay for those invoices. Even if that doesn't apply to you guys, just getting our name in front of some of the companies that you're working with, potentially, they come on and become a nickel user. There's kind of that network effect. So there are other aspects that are beneficial for us, even if we are not like, you know, making a lot of money from credit card processing or of that nature, but appreciate you being cognizant of that.
Participant 1: You probably don't hear this very often. It's like, we won't pay more if we need to.
Participant 2: Well, that's good to know.
Participant 1: We do want somebody to say, oh, my God, that's a lot of work for 420 bucks.
Participant 2: Right? No, I know. I appreciate that. We do have a custom tier as well. To be honest, we only have two customers who are on that tier, and it's because they just do a massive amount of business. I mean, it sounds like you guys are doing kind of similar levels. So I'm happy to just put that as a note there if it makes more sense, kind of for the company just based on the work involved, if they want to look at maybe doing a custom plan with you. But I will get all the information from our conversation brought up to leadership, brought to the engineering team, see what's feasible, what makes the most sense. Obviously want to make sure that you're happy with the solution we propose as well.
Participant 1: And ideally, we really, really want to push. So this gets really complicated. There's people that are called operators that actually run the whole gaming operation. If the money comes into our account, they may Fight the legislation a whole lot more because they think we're going to be doing their job. And so that's where it's like, if we can avoid that. All those guys are not nickel whatever. If I need to, you know that, hey, you're gonna have to be on there as a subscriber, but that's going to be a problem because they are receiving the money or on their side, you know, I guess. I don't know. I don't want. They are the gaming side. They are receiving money for gambling. They're not. Business to business.
Participant 2: Can you say that last part one more time?
Participant 1: Well, I'm trying. Just however we can. Ideally, we really, really want to make it that the money goes from the bars to the nonprofits and to us separately, instead of siphoning all through us, if possible. I mean, at the end of the day, if it's not possible, we got to do what we got to do. It's just a lot more political. Funny for me.
Participant 2: No, I totally hear you on that. And I would love to, you know, do your ideal use case. I just need to think about how that would work for us in terms of. Because, you know, usually an invoice is tied to kind of one customer. It's one bank to another bank. But there are some other, you know, features and advanced settings that we can kind of toggle on or off. So I'm just wondering if any of those would be able to meet your needs. Fortunately, I'm gonna have to.
Participant 1: Even. Even if we in theory sent them, you know, 20 invoices with, you know, invoice one going the 5% to nonprofit A, invoice two on nonprofit B, whatever. Whatever that would look like. But we're responsible for making sure those nonprofits get paid.
Participant 2: Right. And what is the. Are you guys also federally or like, you know, state law as well? Like, you guys have to pay out the nonprofits by a certain time frame.
Participant 1: As well, because we're on the receiving end.
Participant 2: Oh, so you guys are not required on that aspect.
Participant 1: The bar. The bar is actually responsible for paying the nonprofits. We're just facilitating that payment. So, yes, so they. They do have to be paid within the month. And. And that's why I say we're facilitating it. They're not technically paying us that. We're just helping that payment along because these, a lot of these aren't the smartest people. And we want to make sure the nonprofits get their money, otherwise their license gets shut down too.
Participant 2: Right.
Participant 1: So technically, it's the nonprofit paying us even. This is kind of a change in legislation that they can just bypass a non profit and go straight to us.
Participant 2: Okay, that's helpful to know. Yep.
Participant 1: It gets really complicated.
Participant 2: No worries. Well, we have, we have a lot of experts who have been in the financial space for a long time, so they will have more kind of experience probably with I know this is kind of new state laws and kind of a new model from what you guys have been doing the last 30 years. But I imagine you're not the only use case that they've seen. And so I'm assuming that they'll have some recommendations here and I just don't have enough info to be able to provide good answers for you right now. So what I'm going to do, Matt, is I'm going to follow up once we get off this call with the team, kind of pick their brain on, based on our conversation, what the recommendations are and I will follow up with an email by end of day today. If everything checks out and we're good to go, we can get the account set up, we can walk through a demo if it's helpful and kind of walk through some of your workflows. But let me just touch base with the team, get some more insight there and then I will get the follow up and response based on our conversation to you by end of day today.
Participant 1: Sure. All right. I appreciate your help.
Participant 2: Awesome. Yeah, you too. Thanks so much, Matt. Bye.
Participant 1: Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3653452.m4a?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195505Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
