---
title: Ellen Moser and Jacob Greenberg
date: '2025-07-30'
time: '14:01:29'
duration_sec: 2731.67
duration_min: 45.5
participants:
- Zak George <zak@getnickel.com>
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Ellen <ellen@hallmarkstone.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 135
---

Jacob Greenberg: . No answer from my end, Zak. Do you want to wait two minutes and then try giving her a call from the number you texted her on?
Zak George: That's frustrating. Yeah, sure. I'm going to look for her company's number as well. 633-491-2888.
Jacob Greenberg: Is that the same as I have? Yep. Nope. You called 314-368- yeah. 4044.
Zak George: Cool. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Is it the same number you called in Nooks? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Hey, Ellen.
Zak George: It's Zak George. I just want to remind you we're we're in a demo right now, so if you want to hop on.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh.
Zak George: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: I think.
Zak George: Oh, you're central time. I gotcha. Okay, cool. All right, we'll be right here.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Zak George: Sorry, I apologize for the confusion there. All right, she's hopping on.
Jacob Greenberg: She'S hopping on now. Yeah.
Zak George: She said she's on Central time.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, so she was expecting a call an hour ago.
Zak George: She probably asked E. She probably asked them, like, you know, is this like 10 a.m. eastern or.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Good. How are you doing? How's it going?
Ellen: Sorry, my camera doesn't work. I'm sorry about that.
Zak George: That's totally fine. It doesn't have to be on. My name is Zak. The guy you spoke to earlier on the phone is my colleague right here. He's a product specialist and account executive at Nickel. Jacob, you'll be taking over. I'll be right here flying the wall.
Ellen: If you have any questions, I'll be right here.
Jacob Greenberg: All right. Awesome. Cool.
Ellen: Thanks, Zak.
Jacob Greenberg: Hey, Ellen, how's it going? Good, how are you? Good, good. Sorry about the time delay. Were you expecting a call from us.
Ellen: Like an hour ago? No, no, no. I thought it was at 10 my time.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, okay.
Ellen: I'm Central Time. What are you guys? Where are you guys from?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, we're based in New York. Oh, okay. Yep, so we're East Coast time. Awesome.
Ellen: Awesome.
Jacob Greenberg: Sweet. Well, I'm happy we made some time this morning to connect. Zak caught me up a little bit. So we have, it looks like we have an hour on the, actually we have half an hour here on the calendar. Does that still work for you? Perfect, yes.
Ellen: Fantastic.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, well the purpose of this call is to kind of review some of the struggles you guys are having with AP and AR stuff and see if we might be a good fit to help out. And at the end of this call, it's really easy to get started with Nickel. So if everything looks right and you want to give it a go, I could walk you through what it looks like to get going and help you get set up quickly. We could also set up a follow-up call if you have some more questions. Does that sound like a good use of our time?
Ellen: Yes, perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: Amazing. Okay, so just to recap some of the information that Zak had given me about the last conversation you had, and correct me if I'm wrong and feel free to add any detail that I might be missing. But it seems like on the AP side, when you guys are sending checks to vendors, a lot of those checks are getting lost in the mail. And then on the AR side, A majority of your vendors are paying you via check, but you're trying to switch them into ACH. And then afterwards, the reconciliation process seems pretty manual.
Ellen: Yes. Yes.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Is there anything else that I should add to our agenda to touch on today besides the AP and the AR side?
Ellen: I don't know. I mean, that's all we talked about. I mean, what other products you offer?
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So as far as on the AR side, I know that you have an initiative underway to try to switch your vendors from paying you in checks to ACH. What steps have you guys taken and where did you like, how did you guys arrive at the decision to try to switch from checks to ACH?
Ellen: What we take, ourselves we've taken is we've given them our We set up a separate account that accepts those ACH payments. It's not our regular account. And then it's a zero balance account. And so when they pay, we gave them our bank information, that account. And then it just goes in there and then it transfers over to our operating account.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha.
Ellen: So yeah, basically what we did is we gave the sales staff, we gave them letters to give to their customers. to say, you know, you know, here's an option, you know, to pay by ACH. And here's the bank info.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it.
Ellen: And that's why we set up a zero balance account, because I didn't want our bank information out everywhere, you know, for our account to keep a lot of our money in.
Jacob Greenberg: So. Okay, fantastic. And then walk me through what the reconciliation process is. I know you said it's. manual and kind of a pain for you right now.
Ellen: So, well for the AR side, it's not too bad. It's not too good. AP side is more very manual and very time consuming. But the AR side, it's not bad. Well, really, you don't have many people using the ACH option. People are still using checks. But it's pretty good. Basically, what happens is we get a I get in that zero balance account, I get a, you know, I look in it every day and I see people that have deposited money and it has in the line, you know, the information line next to the deposit amount that has the customer's, you know, ID, so their name or whatever. So it's pretty easy to get that to our project managers for them to post into the database.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. So you're looking into the, you're getting the checks, you're depositing the checks, you're looking into the zero zero balance account in your bank account.
Ellen: Make sure to boost the checks go into our regular operating account.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Ellen: It's the ACHs that I don't, you know, I don't want people having that account. So even though you can see it at the right at checkout, people have that information, but I just, yeah. So basically the only thing going into the zero balance account are are the ACH payments from our customers.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, copy. All right, cool. Let me just, you know, I think I'm just going to pop open a demo for you and show you what it looks like inside Nickel and see if we can't knock out a solution to all of these dilemmas that you guys are experiencing. So give me one second here. I'm going to open this up. and Ellen, you guys are a manufacturer and you work with other distributors, right?
Ellen: Correct.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. Cool. A lot of the customers that we work with right now are manufacturers, but the majority of them right now are actually on the distributor side. So this might be a tool that would end up being useful for some of the businesses that you work with as well. and you might find that once you start sending them or receiving payments from them in Nickel, they might sign up on their own and it will just make it even easier for you as well. So let me kind of walk you through the overview here. This is going to be a summary of all of your transactions in Nickel. Essentially what Nickel is, it's a financial operating system just for sending and receiving payments, and it's going to be able to give you more control over the payment types that you accept, the way you accept payments, and give your customers a little bit better customer experience for sending and receiving payments. But it's also just gonna keep everything coordinated and all of the transactions and invoices done on a line by line level. So do you guys currently use any accounting system like QuickBooks before I get started?
Ellen: We use Business Works. It's a Sage product.
Jacob Greenberg: What is it, Business Works?
Ellen: Business Works.
Jacob Greenberg: Business works, gotcha. Okay, fantastic. So here in Nickel, you're gonna see all of the transactions are gonna be done through this platform. So whether you're doing accounts receivable or accounts payable, I'm gonna show you what that looks like on your end and then on your customer's end as well. But just to show you how easy it is to kind of coordinate and see all of your transactions, All of your AR side, you'll be able to see the purpose or a specific invoice number, and all of the information is going to be embedded on the transaction level. So you'll be able to, on each transaction, input a specific invoice number or the invoice itself in PDF and any details you need to make the reconciliation process much, much more simple. You'll be able to check in here and see that everything's been reconciled. and you can export all of your transactions by CSV, import it into whatever backend accounting tool you use, and add any specific notes that you need to on each account. So as you see, we come through here, I see that just last week, I received a payment from Najiir. The purpose would be pointed here, and in the notes, I could do reconciled and saved. And this way, I know which one's been reconciled and which one's hasn't.
Ellen: When you say reconcile, what do you mean reconcile?
Jacob Greenberg: So this is essentially, for different organizations, it's slightly different, but it might be matching in your bank account, the invoice numbers, making sure that it's been paid, making sure that you've added that into your accounting system so that it's been accounted for. If you guys are using BusinessWorks or for companies using QuickBooks and accounting systems like that, making sure that it's been zeroed out. But for you, this could be whatever process you do to make sure that the payment has been made in full and accounted for within your system. Okay. And this is just kind of an overview of how we are going to look at each of our transactions, how easy it is to see which ones have been received, paid, any refunds or returns that have happened, very easy to manage and see in here. Now, this is on the get paid side. This is going to be your accounts receivable side. And then Bill Pay will be your accounts payable.
Ellen: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So we could start here with Bill Pay. You're able to do recurring bills if you have any. Do you guys have any recurring bills or is it all one-off?
Ellen: Oh, we have, yeah, we have a couple. Nice.
Jacob Greenberg: What type of businesses do you guys have recurring bills for?
Ellen: We pay rent and then we pay, we pay this one trucking company $3,650 a month to take our products from our manufacturing site to our satellite office in a different city.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So for rent, for that trucking company that you work with to deliver your goods, you could use a recurring bill here where you will create a recurring bill. You could add your company here. And so all you need to do is add this one time or you could import it. And so you'll fill out this company information. So it's a trucking company, it's a business, enter their billing information in their vendor contact. And then you can add the details here. If you have a new vendor, you can actually send them a request to input their own banking information so that you don't have to manually deal with entering it or the security around storing it. And then once they enter it, it's saved in your nickel Google account, so you can always access it. But if you already have, for example, you're paying rent, you know who to pay rent to already, you could enter that information in here, and then you could create that payment. So I'll use an example one here for a vendor that I already have, and this can be for monthly trucking goods. That's $3,400. every month and you can pick a specific date and a specific bill cycle. And then you go ahead and you click pay. You'll upload your specific banking information and then that's pretty much all you need to do to set up a recurring bill. And you can manage that recurring bill in the bill pay section. You'll be able to see which ones are queued for payment. which ones are paid in full, and all the transactions that you've had over time. I'm going to walk you through just creating a new one-off bill for payment. So you pick the vendor, you enter your vendor information, you enter the payment amount and the reason why you're going to make that payment. So you can put in any specific reason here, just that something that could help you in your books, and the date that that payment is due to go through. You can even upload any bill documents. So I have an example invoice form that I use, but you could upload any specific information here that you want attached on that transaction level for reference sake. So if you have specific agreements and you want to keep that agreement as a PDF attached to that transaction, you can upload it here. I can save and close it, or I can make the payment and it will run through. And it's as simple as that for Bill Pay. So as you guys are getting a lot of checks lost in the mail, if you do want to move towards doing ACH or even credit card, this is a great way to do it. And we do have a beta program for certain users right now. to be able to actually upload their checks digitally and send the checks direct to their bank account. So it's essentially a digital check upload format. So.
Ellen: What, so you're writing a check out and so what's going on? Can you explain that to me?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, for sure. This is in beta right now, so it's not on this demo page, but it's essentially a digital e-check. So have you ever like deposited a check in a bank account by just uploading an image of it? Yes. On a banking app. Yeah. It's very similar to that. So you'd upload the image of the bank check and it would just process that check as if it's sending money, like uploading directly into your customer's bank account. So it says, if that customer had.
Ellen: To, you have to use a check. Because one thing I like about RACH is we're saving money on not having to buy checks because they're expensive.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. So for some businesses, they do prefer to do checks. But most businesses are moving towards ACH anyway. And Nickel is really designed to make that process easier, that transition from check to ACH, because we kind of see that as the way of the future. But yeah, you do not have to do check. Most users of Nickel are primarily doing credit card or ACH payments.
Ellen: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Now, as far as on your accounts receivable side, transitioning your customers from checks to ACH, I think that this tool would probably be a very strong pivot point to start to get your customers to move towards doing ACH rather than check. So unless you have any more questions about the bill pay, I'd love to show you a little bit about the accounts receivable tool.
Ellen: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Fantastic. And Ellen, can you walk me through really quick? When was the last time you guys kind of reviewed this process in the past or has it been a while?
Ellen: This has been about a year ago.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And then when you reviewed it last time, did you make any updates or changes or were you just kind of looking to see what else is out there?
Ellen: Just looking to see, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. If you guys do decide to implement a new tool, what is that process? Is it, are you going to be the only person involved in using the tool? Are there other team members that have input on the decision or on utilizing it?
Ellen: My owner would be the deciding, we would decide whether or not.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha.
Ellen: We go forward.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. So if, so correct me if I'm wrong, if this looks good for you, if you think this is a tool that can save you guys some time and money, then the next step would be talking to your owner. What's their name?
Ellen: Fred.
Jacob Greenberg: Fred, talking to Fred and seeing if it makes sense to get the final decision to implement this. It's a really low lift tool and Nickel has a free version and the second version is $35 a month. So it's incredibly easy to implement. But if it makes sense with you and Fred, maybe the next step would be having one more touch point with me and Zak, you and Fred, to kind of walk through one final time and then maybe assist you with setup. Does that sound like that would be the process or?
Ellen: Yeah, that would be the process.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, fantastic. Okay, just want to make sure we're on the same page. All right, cool. Let me show you a little bit about the accounts receivable side. So in the same way, you can see all the invoices, you can see which ones have been completed, which ones are scheduled to go out if you want to put in like net terms or times that they have to pay you by for deadlines, any old ones, you could customize settings here for your invoices. So I'm going to show you how to create an invoice to send for AR. But before I do so, I want to show you here that it gives you a lot of customizability. So you're able to allow your customers to even edit the payment amount. This means if you are charging a customer $10,000 and you want to give them the option to pay half of it in credit card and half of it in ACH, but in a single transaction in Nickel, you can allow them to do that. So they have their own decision process and their own preference around how they pay you. They can do ACH or check. You can toggle this on or off. If you want to only accept credit card for some reason, or if you want to be able to enable ACH and eCheck. And if they do credit card, you can decide how much of that credit card fee you want to share with that customer. Most Nickel users offer 100%, like put the entire credit card fee on the customer because they have the option to pay with other ways. But sometimes you'll have a specific vendor that you work with. and maybe you've cut a custom deal where you're like, all right, we'll take 1% of the credit card and you guys pay 2% of it. You could customize it on a transaction by transaction basis. So it just gives you a lot of control over the way you accept payments. But the most important thing is it's unified and in a single place and very clean. So I'm going to show you what that looks like now. Go ahead and create an invoice for one of our companies that we work with. Do you guys typically put an invoice number on your invoices?
Ellen: Yes.
Jacob Greenberg: So I'll do an example invoice number then like 11001. Do an invoice amount for 100 bucks. You can choose one-time or recurring. This one will be a one-time invoice. This is the date that it's sent and the date that it's due. So if I'm giving them a 30-day term and they could pay by the end of August, I'll update that to the 30th or 30th of next month, do invoice for tiles or whichever material, and I could upload the invoice itself into the transaction, a PDF version, so that they can download it. If I pop into the advanced side, you see I could turn on or disable credit card payments. I could allow the customer to edit the payment amount, or I could customize the fees. I'm going to keep it 100% on the customer. And then I click Create. So just two clicks and I have created this invoice. I could send this to the customer. So I'm going to click Send link and this will shoot an email to the customer. Once this goes through, what I'll do is I'll pull it up in my Gmail so I could show you what it looks like receiving the invoice from you guys. But once you click the link, this is what your customer will see. So this will be your icon or your logo, and you could customize this page to be your own brand. So it will say hallmarkstone.nichelpayments.com, right here, it'll be your own unique domain. We'll handle all that for you. You'll upload your branding right here. Any PDFs or downloadable invoices or information will be located here so the customer can click it and download it to see terms and conditions. And then you see that they could choose options on how they would like to pay. So they'd like to pay by ACH or by bank, they could click here. If they'd like to pay by card, they could click here. If they've already paid by Nickel, they could store their banking information, and this could just be a one-click pay. They don't need to upload anything else. If it's their first time paying, they can enter their information here by card or by bank, deciding how they want to pay. You'll see if they opt into paying by card, that 2.99% is automatically calculated on the final payment, so you don't need to worry about changing any of your invoices. You just need to charge them exactly what they owe in the invoice, and we'll take care of the rest for the credit card fee. And it's that simple. If they want to decide to pay half with credit card and half with bank, they can do that too if you allow them to. And it gives both them and you a little bit more of a cash flow advantage than receiving all these checks that you guys are receiving.
Ellen: Okay. So are these invoices being created outside of our accounting system then? Is that what's happening?
Jacob Greenberg: So essentially, if you walk me through what you do when you generate an invoice in your accounting system, are you putting in what they owe and then it's spitting out a PDF and then you send that over with the request for payment. Got it. So and then once you send that over to them, how do you send it over to them right now? Is it mostly email? Email. Got it. So it's actually the exact same process, just a tool that keeps them more organized. So say you go into your accounting system right now and you enter that information and you generate the PDF invoice. Instead of just emailing them the invoice itself, what you'll do is you'll come in here, you'll create the new invoice, enter the information, you'll enter the information that's on the invoice, and you'll upload the invoice here.
Ellen: Okay. So it's kind of an extra step then.
Jacob Greenberg: It's one extra step. And what we can do though, Ellen, is we can ask our team here if we could build an integration for the back end that you guys are using Business Works and see if we can make it automatic. But it really is one click extra step, but it saves a lot of time on the back end for reconciliation, waiting for checks to come in, and it saves a little bit of money too. So for example, when you send that email, instead of that email just being a PDF from in here, instead of having to open Gmail, and upload that PDF. The extra step is just coming into Nickel and creating the invoice. You never have to enter your Google or Gmail account. You just send it directly from Nickel, and this is what your customers will receive. You have a new payment request from Hallmark Stone Company. They click pay now. They pay in this portal. It's cleaner, more customizable for them. What we find is that 35% more customers of the users that use Nickel than they expected are actually paying by credit card because the options presented to them pretty cleanly and that just creates a cash flow advantage for Nickel users because they're getting those payments quicker and they're not having to pay the fees. So they'll see the memo in the invoice, they'll click pay now, they'll come here and they'll be able to settle up directly from this portal. and it will automatically go into an easy to manage system. So you can see, hey, what are all of my active outstanding payments? Which ones have been completed? And I can come in here and very quickly see that customer name. So if I type in Jacob or the specific customer, I'll be able to see who has settled and paid. So it's easy for me to go back into my books and update it. Do you see how having it all in one portal might actually end up saving a little bit of time?
Ellen: I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, Ellen, can you hear me now?
Ellen: Yes, somebody was talking. Somebody in the next office was talking, so I didn't hear this.
Jacob Greenberg: I was just saying, do you see how there might be an advantage to having everything coordinated here, the status of it all, and that might actually save time on the reconciliation side.
Ellen: I don't really know, honestly. I don't know because we do all of it through our accounting software. So like, if we need to find out who still owes money, then we just pull a receivable report up. You know, I mean, I don't really, I don't know. I kind of feel like this is an extra step.
Jacob Greenberg: Can you walk me through how you get that information back into your accounting software? Is that manual?
Ellen: What not, how we get what information. I mean, it's our accounts receivable module through our accounting software. We just open that up and pull an aging report and then we can tell who still owes us money on what jobs. I don't, you know, yeah, so I'm not sure I can, like, I mean, this is a cool system, but I feel like it's an extra step.
Jacob Greenberg: The information inside that system, is it automatically being uploaded in there once the check settles in the bank? Or do you have to check the bank account and then update the accounting system?
Ellen: Yeah, I guess we do that. So yeah, when we get the check, then we have someone that goes into the job and puts the payment in. and applies a payment to the invoice. So they do that.
Jacob Greenberg: So essentially, instead of having to, this on the back end shouldn't be adding any extra steps. And on the front end, frankly, it shouldn't be adding any extra steps either. So let's just walk through that one more time. On the back end, instead of having to open up the bank account and reconcile and then enter all the information directly into the accounting system, You could open this and see if the status was paid, not paid, and where the status stands. You could still update that into your accounting system, but it's essentially the same process that you're going through right now. It's not, you could continue to go to the bank and check it, or you could just open up Nickel and check it. This is essentially creating a more unified portal on the front end.
Ellen: We don't go into it. We don't go into our bank. We put, here's our process. We get the check in and we, you know, if it's a check, we use our remote deposit machine, whatever, and then we in accounting take those payments and enter them into to pay off the invoices. Or if it's a deposit, we put it into the proper customer account in our accounting system and record the deposit in there. And then as far as ACHs go, we do go into our bank. So that would go into our bank. And then instead of having a check in front of us, we just go into the bank and see who has it what, and then we apply that in our accounting system.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. Yeah. So totally understand. So instead of having to have these two separate processes, if you do start to take ACH, you wouldn't have to do, it's pretty much the same step. You could continue to go to the bank to reconcile it, or you can look into Nickel to do the reconciliation and make sure that information is updated on accounting. But if they do upload checks or any other payment types, you don't have to have a different process for it as well. For you to use the remote deposit machine, taking accounting to enter those payments, enter them into the system. managing the deposits. It's all kind of in one singular location. But ultimately, what we're looking to do here is to help you transition your customers from paying from check to paying by card or by bank in a more unified and organized method. So that you spend less time doing that manual process of accepting the checks.
Ellen: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Do you think that this might be a potential solve for helping motivate or transition customers in a more unified way to moving off of checks?
Ellen: It might, it may. And I don't know how they would take it, you know.
Jacob Greenberg: And can I ask for you?
Ellen: I guess it would be easier on them probably with this method because they wouldn't have to go in and initiate an ACH. they could just go in, pull up the email and, yeah, pay right there. So that probably would be easier on them. Probably make their payment process to us a lot easier on that.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. And then can I ask, when you guys are receiving all these checks, what is the typical turnaround time from, like, when you request that check to when the money actually gets deposited into your bank account?
Ellen: Yeah, I mean that's definitely a point here. Yeah, it's it's gonna be quicker this way because yeah, by the time they put the check in the mail, the mail slow and then we get it and then we deposit it. Yeah, I mean this would be definitely a quicker way to get paid.
Jacob Greenberg: Is that typically like a three day process right now or is it more like a week or two weeks for you guys with the checks?
Ellen: I'm not sure. I don't know. Like I'm not sure how long what the turnaround time is. I know that, you know, it's all dependent on the mail.
Jacob Greenberg: The mail's close.
Ellen: It could be more than a week.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. Yeah. So with nickel, we have a two-day turnaround for AECH or card. So it'll definitely shorten that turnaround time from when the payment gets sent to when it's reconciled in your bank account. And it just makes it easier, more control to keep track over that process. you could see in a singular location when the request was sent, if the request has been paid, if it's been settled or not, and you could keep track of it a little bit easier in one place.
Ellen: So when you say two-day turnaround, so what does that mean? Once Nipple gets it, then you wait two days to send it, or how does that work?
Jacob Greenberg: Once the, so this is occasionally dependent on bank. Do you guys use like a local bank or, major national bank?
Ellen: We use a local bank triad.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. So different banks operate differently. Usually they're pretty efficient though, because they have lower volume. But essentially what that turnaround time means is that once the customer submits the payment, on our end, it takes a maximum of two days to be able to make sure that payment is processed and settled into your bank account. And then it's typically on your bank to make sure that that's settled as well. So our time of processing that payment is two days. Usually the bank takes between one day or honestly, like sometimes it's an hour for local banks or sometimes it's a day or two. So it's typically you see just two days from the time the payment's been sent to the time it settles in the bank account.
Ellen: Now, so how much is, so how much does the system cost?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, it's a great question. So we have two different payment tiers. The first is free. Can I ask you guys actually. Do. You guys ever accept or send ACHs over $25,000?
Ellen: We do send over 25. Oh, yeah, we do. Yeah, our stone suppliers, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: We do. Gotcha. So for our free version, it's just capped at $25,000 per transaction. The plus version is going to give you the ability to have unlimited free ACH transactions regardless of size. So what's like the largest transaction that you guys would typically see? Is it like 50,000, 100,000?
Ellen: Yeah, around 100. Most of the time between 40,000 and 75,000.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. So we're able to process those with the same two-day turnaround time. If it's credit card, next-day turnaround time with no cost, it's completely free. The software itself is $35 a month, and that's it.
Ellen: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So where we really make our money, just for complete transparency with you, Ellen, is customers using credit cards. we'll make a little bit of the points off of the credit card processing as the middleman connecting those processors. So we offer free ACH to our users, and our goal here is to get people to use a software that's going to make it a little bit more efficient for them to pay with accounts receivable, accounts payable for all of their customers as well. And eventually we'd like to start to offer other financial products that would benefit our customers cash flow advantage. a little bit in the future. So right now, what we like to do is we like to work really intimately with our customers who use our platform, be able to stay in touch with them as they use it and take any input from what they might want to see developed to better affect their business as they move forward. So once you guys do get signed up, you speak with Fred, and I'm happy to connect again with Fred as well and walk through for your specific use case what this might look like, and we could calculate some specific metrics on time savings or cost savings that this might be for you guys. But once you guys get up and going, we'd love to keep in touch, see how the process is going for you, and see if there's any other tools that you might like to see developed. So on the horizon, one of the tools that we hope to have by the end of the quarter is gonna be a trade credit solution to increase your margins a little bit and to give you a little bit more of a cash flow advantage. net terms built into contract negotiations with the nickel, things like that, things that might just make it a little bit more streamlined for dealing with your customers. But as of right now, we're really just solving the pain of manual reconciliation, having multiple different touch points or ways of sending and receiving money. Okay. Overall, can I ask after seeing this so far and where you stand on a scale of one to 10 how you feel about using nickel moving forward and how it might help you guys?
Ellen: I mean, I really like it. It's affordable for sure. Yeah, I just, yeah. I might have to just try it out just to make sure we're not doubling up our work.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, for sure.
Ellen: So, yeah. And I think it would, I think the upside to it is it would be It would make it easier on our customers.
Jacob Greenberg: Pay.
Ellen: They wouldn't have to send checks and it is organized. It's a very organized. Yeah, so I mean, yeah, so far I like it. I need to just think about it. It's a lot of information to take in, but I feel it's.
Jacob Greenberg: I'd probably.
Ellen: Give it a eight out of ten.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Okay, great. And so the other two is just because you haven't gotten in there and tried it yet. And my sense is you want to just make sure it's not adding extra work and it's actually saving you guys time. Okay, got it. Great. Yeah. So in that case, what I'd love to do is we could get you signed up on the free plan. You don't need to start to process the larger transactions right now if you want to test run it. And then when you're ready, if you do feel like it is saving you time, because I've had this conversation before, Ellen, it seems like one extra tool that you're adding to your process. I've been here, I've been in this conversation before, but what we find is customers start using it and they realize it's not really an extra step, it's an extra two clicks in the beginning that ends up saving a ton of extra steps on the back end once the payments are received. I hope you feel the same way, but I'd love to get you signed up and tested out on the free plan so it's a low commitment, and then we can reconnect in a little bit after you've tested it out and see if we can re-engage and Maybe have a conversation with you, myself, and Fred and see if it makes sense to implement moving forward.
Ellen: Yeah, for sure. Can we do this? How about for the timeline? We're entering end of month right now. So between now and the 8th of August, we're just inundated with end of month stuff. So we wouldn't use this right now. We wouldn't even try it right now because it would slow us down. we're doing our end of month. So why don't we pick anytime after August 8th? It'd be great. And yeah, we'd like to try it out for sure.
Jacob Greenberg: Sounds great. So let's check out. So August 11th would be what we're looking at, because August 8th I see is a Friday. Okay. So we could August 11th, Monday, we could get you set up with your account. We could have a one week test run of it, see how everything's going with some transactions that are under 25,000. And then maybe we could have a follow up for the 18th where we just touch base, see what your experience has been throughout that week, and then see if it makes sense to get you guys onboarded with the $35 a month plan so you can start to manage some of the large transactions. Does that make sense to you? Yep, sounds good to me. Awesome.
Ellen: So what I'm going to do is.
Jacob Greenberg: I'm going to send two calendar invites. I'll send one for Monday the 11th and one for Monday the 18th in August. Do you have any specific time you would prefer for both of those days? Is the same time as today?
Ellen: Yeah, nine my time is fine.
Jacob Greenberg: Nine your time. All right, fantastic. All right, great. So I'm going to send out both of those invites. If you could just do me one, I know this sounds so silly, Ellen, but if you could do me just one little favor is once I send out those invites, can you go ahead and accept it so it blocks that time on my calendar? Sometimes we have inbounds and I just don't want to, Yeah, cross your time away. Yeah. Okay, great. All right, cool. So I'll send out those invites now. Looking forward to connecting then. Have a good end of the month. I know you said it's going to be busy for you guys, but we're really looking forward to working together.
Ellen: Thank you. Awesome.
Jacob Greenberg: And if you have any questions in the meantime, feel free to reach out to Zakari.
Ellen: Okay, thanks you guys. Have a good day.
Jacob Greenberg: I appreciate it.
Zak George: Have a good one.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3061059.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195513Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
