---
title: Nickel | Mark Hull & Jacob
date: '2025-09-23'
time: '18:02:54'
duration_sec: 3041.29
duration_min: 50.7
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Mr. Hull <m.hull@noblelearningacademy.org>
- null <customersuccess@getnickel.com>
- Nickel's AskElephant Notetaker <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 136
---

Mark Hull: It.
Jacob Greenberg: Hey, Mark, can you hear me okay?
Mark Hull: I can.
Jacob Greenberg: How's it going over there?
Mark Hull: Fine. I'm having some little bit of like, some issues. Oh, well, it's not working. So anyway, can you, you can you hear me?
Jacob Greenberg: I hear you great.
Mark Hull: And then I don't know if you can. I don't see my face there.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, I see you fine.
Mark Hull: Oh, you do?
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Mark Hull: I'm not popping up the top, so.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Okay.
Mark Hull: So how. What do we want? What do you, what do we want to do?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. So, okay, before we get started, I have about, I have 35, 40 minutes for us on the calendar here. Does that work for you?
Mark Hull: That's. That's playing for me.
Jacob Greenberg: Perfect. Sounds good. We might wrap up a little bit sooner. Just want to make sure that we have that amount of time available. Okay, cool. So I know in the past you had signed up with Nickel for the Noble Learning Academy. Is that correct or.
Mark Hull: Well, it was, it was part of the process of kind of getting, getting an understanding about Nickel. And so, you know, we haven't, we haven't gone all the way yet and said, yes, this is a product we want to use. There were some concerns that I had spec specifically about data sharing.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
Mark Hull: I, I don't.
Jacob Greenberg: I.
Mark Hull: We're not in a situation where we, where we're like going to open up our, out our QuickBooks and have you have all the data from QuickBooks. Like, that's not something I want to participate in. And it probably doesn't make sense for us because like, like the billing part and all that. We don't, we're not operating that way. We strictly have parents that pay like we do auto, Auto pools each month. Like some parents will pay once a year tuition. One, they'll pay monthly. Sometimes maybe they pay twice or three times a month or a year. Right. So that's more our model. We don't have, like, we don't have a lot of, like, we're not a contractor that does multiple, you know, all throughout the year. So it's, it's, it's not something at this point I'm like super comfortable with opening up. And I understand that that's a feature we don't have to participate in. That makes sense.
Jacob Greenberg: Right? Yeah. So I'll let you know. We do work with a bunch of schools right now. And typically, you know, Nickel was built for contractors and construction companies originally. After that, a lot of accounting firms came to us and were asking to get in, so we kind of opened it up to them. And then after having worked with some accounting firms, it just seemed like all different types of businesses were having the same type of cash flow problem or getting a lot of fees for achieving. So we kind of open up the doors a little bit wider. And I think right now we're honing in on like what customers make the most sense for us to support the most. But we have gotten a lot of, gotten a lot of schools as of late. So they'll do tuition payments in different ways. I was just working with one the other month that will send out a single invoice for the entire year. But the families are encouraged to pay that partially every in quarters. Right. So four times a year they'll pay off one fourth of that one individual invoice. So that's capable. You're able to do that in nickel. You do use QuickBooks, but you don't want to integrate it into the platform, is that correct?
Mark Hull: Yeah, I don't want to. So it just like, I'm not comfortable doing that yet. It may make sense at some point to do it, but right now it's, it's kind of like, let's get like. So just, just to give you an example, we, you may already have this information. So kind of a history. We were, we had worked with Card Connect, cardpoint. Right. And so, and everything was working great. There was some, there was some fees, but they were manageable. Those fees are kind of, kind of manageable. But then they decided to change their ACH platform and they went to Clover. Now Clover is, is not been as in terms of integration how they have not been able to accommodate our requirements and our needs. So for example, they're offering, their platform offers credit card payments and they offer ACH payments. But they, we only want ACH payments because the credit card has a pretty hefty fee for use kind of on it. And so if someone's paying, you know, 1800amonth or paying, you know, a larger sum, then it turns out that, you know, the, the cost to use that is going to be pretty pricey. Yeah. So, so we're not offering that because we've like, I can't, I can't say, hey, we're going to charge you this much for tuition, but you have the option of using this, but it's going to cost you money if you use this form. Now some people might work fine and others, you know, will somehow, you know, I don't, I just don't want us to have to try to cover that cost form because then we're losing money. So that, so right now and it may make sense that we offer it to somebody, but as long as they're aware that there is, it has an additional service fee.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, right. Okay, cool. That's, that's, that's something we could take care of very quickly. Can you, I'll walk you through the platform and I think a lot of the little questions that you might have about it will just be easier shown than told. So I'll walk you through what it looks like. But before I get going, like, what are you currently doing at this moment for collections? And what is there one high level thing that you're trying? Like, hey, if I could solve this for you today, it's going to make your life infinitely better. Is there one big ticket thing that I should focus on?
Mark Hull: Yeah. So, you know, and it does all focus around ACH payment. So that's, that's the first thing that we wanted to address. But initially I'll go back to when we first started. Now we've been in business, this is our sixth year. Sorry. Giving messages. Oh, I'm sorry, let me, I got, I gotta address this real quickly, otherwise they're gonna keep. Yeah. So started we were just taking checks.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Mark Hull: Right. And then, and then. But that's pretty time consuming. You know, the tracking, the, the processing is. It takes me a long time to do each person and each check and then, and then follow up on them and so forth. Especially if they're, they, you know, for some reason it isn't clear. So then we probably year two, year three, we started, we introduced ACH payments which was great because we could put them on a schedule. We already tell the families that, look, we're going to, you pick a program and then we're going to put you on auto, auto withdraw. So we schedule a, you know, each month. If it's monthly, pull monthly, you know, we do an automatic pool. And then since our, my challenges with Clover, which started this past, you know, around January, February, March, like it, it really happened at the end of March. They kind of cut their service altogether. And so we were. I went back to having people write checks because I didn't have a solution that worked.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Mark Hull: And so now we're trying to move away from that again and find a solution. And it does look like Nickel has actually a better offering than what, you know, Card Connect is, has. So essentially if we can get, you know, for example, Nickel's platform that offers ach, that does not offer credit card at this point and be able to integrate it into either on, on our website or a Link from our website to your website. That, that's either way, that works. That's fine. Just as long as we can get them to able to put it in and then, and then create a schedule for our individual parents or families. That is something that, that's what we're looking for.
Jacob Greenberg: Like a scheduled payment.
Mark Hull: Yeah, like, like and it'll pull automatically from their bank account.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, okay, okay, got it. So, okay, so if I'm able to solve for you guys, schedule payments for your customers, free ach. And the ability to potentially toggle on and off credit cards. But regardless of if you do or toggle it on or off, every time you do, the fee will be passed but presented in a way that you guys find palatable or the parents and families find palatable. Those are kind of seem like those are the high ticket things for you guys. And just having it all be consolidated in one organized place is like another.
Mark Hull: Yeah, I mean that's, yeah, that's exactly what we're looking for.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great, perfect. Let me hop in here. I can show you the platform in about 10 minutes and then we can save the last 10 minutes for discussing how this might be implemented for your specific use case and I can walk you through what it would look like to get started as well. Okay, cool. So this is inside the platform. You'll have this summary tab. It's just to see your most recent transactions. And on your transactions tab here is going to be an overview of all the transactions that you guys have had. So you'll see that there's four main sections, just a summary, Transactions, Get Paid and Bill pay. So get paid is where you guys are going to live out of for all of your accounts receivables. When you come into nickel, you have the ability to go into settings here, go into integrations and link your QuickBooks account. If you decide to do this, you could do it at any point in the future, Mark. You don't have to do it off the bat if you're not comfortable doing it right away. But once you do it, it takes about three to five minutes for all the information to sync the first time based on how much information you have in QuickBooks, but after that it's an instantaneous two way sync. So every time you create an invoice, you could create it in nickel or you could create it in QuickBooks, it'll automatically populate in both QuickBooks and Nickel. If a payment's been made via the nickel link that we're sending out to get a payment, it will automatically be reconciled in QuickBooks as well. So it just saves you a little bit of time. Regardless, you're always able to come into transactions and download a CSV all of your history. So a lot of people will filter for date. They'll select today or last week or the last month apply and download that transaction record so that they have that ledger so you don't have to sync QuickBooks. It'll just save you a little bit of time if you choose to do so. Now I'm going to show you a couple features here. The first is just kind of an Easter egg that might end up working for you guys pretty well. This is not like the main nuts and bolts and nickel but you will get a payments portal. Now this is for generic payments. It won't populate with somebody's name or a specific amount. But if you wanted to embed this on your website like pay tuition now or in an email that sends out, people do have the ability to come in here, enter specific information. You could customize these fields however you want so it could ask for, you know, their name, etc. And then they would be able to choose to pay by card or pay by ach and then click Return and it would return to your website. So just a little Easter egg that we put in here. It's not the main system. When you create an invoice you can create recurring invoices or one time invoices. It seems like you guys will maybe do a little bit of both. But you definitely have a need to do recurring invoices.
Mark Hull: So the invoices themselves are. We just do a single invoice and we date it towards the whatever. Like, like for example, if, if they're, you know, our school runs nine months so we, we are looking to receive all the, the full tuition by say May 1st. Right. So that's our, our, our invoice is a single invoice but they, they'll make payments and gets it monthly.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Mark Hull: So we don't, we don't do, we don't create invoices that are a monthly invoice.
Jacob Greenberg: Right, okay.
Mark Hull: That build. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. So what you would do in this case is you have two options here. I'll walk you through just the basic creating the invoice and then I'll actually show you something I think is going to be more interesting for you guys which is payment authorization where you can just auto charge the customer or the parent.
Mark Hull: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: But right here I'm going to put in a new customer. I'll do mark old Demo and I'll put in my email address so I can show you what it looks like to receive one of these emails. One second here. And so you put in the invoice number or if you create it within QuickBooks, the invoice number will automatically populate with a nickel the amount of the transaction and you'll put in the date. The invoice date is typically the date that it's created and then the due date is when it's due. So two separate dates here. So if we're creating it now and we have seven months out, we'll just add that date here for customer any important descriptions about invoice. But here you could also upload any documents that you want. So on this invoice it's going to create a unique portal for your customers. For the parents, you could put any type of payment contracts, line item invoices, school year calendar, anything that you want to live. In that one transaction they'll be able to always open up that link and download. It just consolidates communications a little bit. On the advanced section here you will be able to disable credit card payments. I'll show you what it looks like with it enabled as well. But this is a feature that is on our plus platform. So we have a free platform or a $35 a month platform.
Mark Hull: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: And you can also allow the customers to edit the payment amount. So this is if they decide to pay half of the tuition and ach and half of it in credit card, they have the complete option and right to do so. And it's not going to impact the way you guys collect the money. It's not going to take longer to settle and it's not going to cause any extra payments for the school. So just giving, that's the whole point of nickel right there in a nutshell is giving as much option to the customer, the end customer who's making the payment as possible without any of their options impacting anything about the company's operations. We create that invoice and you have an option here to send out the invoice via an email or via phone number for text message. And then we'll just click send and I'll show you what this looks like. But before I do that, I want to show that you could also charge the payment method on file. So if you have that customer information on file, you can literally just go click schedule charge and on the date that you put that payment method will be charged that amount of money. And it's very easy if you want to Add customer payment method information. You could add it on your own. I'll also show you what it looks like to send a request for customer payment information. So I'll look up.
Mark Hull: Let me just interject, if I may. So you guys are PCI? Is it PCI compliant?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, we're SoC2 and PCI compliant because.
Mark Hull: What we, what I don't want to do is maintain any customer credit card or bank account information on our site. Right.
Jacob Greenberg: So I'm happy you asked that. Yeah. That's one of the big reasons people like to use Nickel is for two things. We handle all the search urgent compliance so that you guys aren't responsible or liable for passing credit card costs. And it's compliant the way we do IT in all 50 states. Additionally, we manage all PCI and SoC2 compliance for security. So if you wanted to read a little bit more, this page of our website has a lot of good resources. It's getnickel.com security but it will show you, like, how our process actually works, the workflow of everything, how we're moving your money and where all of our security measures come in at one point.
Mark Hull: Wonderful.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, it's a great resource. You can share it internally or externally, but there's a lot of stuff here.
Mark Hull: Awesome.
Jacob Greenberg: If you do want to request that information, it will be stored within Nickel and it's not going to be you who's compliant for having to print it out and save it in any place. It's. It's our responsibility for storing it. You would come into the customer tab here, click Add Payment Method on file and if you have it already, you could enter it manually. But if you want to request it from the customer with authorization to do the charge, you just click send. I guess I need a message, so I've sent myself two things I've sent. Firstly, an invoice. So this will be, you know, your school's name with your school's logo. Say Mark Hole has requested a payment and all of our PDF documents and attachments will be here. And when clicks, they'll download any previous transaction that the teacher the recipient of this invoice has had with Noble Academy will populate down here below the payment amount. So they'll be able to see all of their historic transactions and open bills as well. You'll have the invoice number, the total amount, any notes that you want to put will go here. They'll have the option to pay either by card or by bank. Make it very clear that if you pay by bank, there's no Fees and if you select that, you'll see that there's no additional fees added to the total right here. However, if they do want to pay by card because it's of a cash flow advantage, the more time to pay it back. And frankly at this point Most people have 2 to 3% cash back cards anyway, so kind of evens out. Yeah, they'll see that by Clicking this, the 2.9% fee is added and it will populate here in the total. But they have the option to pay without fees or with fees. Typically we see about 22% of the time people are opting to pay by credit card, even if these are included. And yeah, they'll be able to make that payment. We add the additional fee for you on this side and we remove that additional fee number when it gets settled in your nickel or in QuickBooks account. So you literally just have to worry about charging them exactly what they owe and you don't have to worry about adding any additional cost to the invoices or removing them once you get them reconciled in your bank. Like we'll just take care of it at this stage. Right. They'll enter their bank account information or credit card and make a payment. Once they do, the payment will move from this active section into the completed section and it'll be marked as paid. It's that easy. You can very easily see which ones are overdue or when that payment due date is coming up. And you can send a request or a reminder for payment by just clicking a button. You can even filter for all the ones that are unsent or haven't been paid yet. You can select all of them and just press send and you'll send them all out at the same time. Just makes it way easier right now the other email that I sent to myself was the payment authorization request. So I've, I've had a couple different demos today and I've sent this to myself three times today and that's why I have three emails. But this will also have, you know, Noble Learning Academy as well as your logo here and you'll just click Complete payment method. Now this is where you'll be collecting the payment information from the te from the parents in order to auto charge their card upon the due date. So it's a little bit of information. It'll say this authorization allows Noble Learning Academy to process payments. What is nickel? Noble uses Nicol to get their invoices paid. SOC 2 compliance quick page right here. And once you click get started. You just check off the three Boxes for terms and conditions. And if they wanted to read more of terms and conditions, this will send them to this website with the full details of terms and conditions and then click Next Step, enter their bank info. They could even just add it by using an app on their phone or their phone number. So we make this process super easy. Looks like I'm stuck in the process now. But once they upload that information, it gets automatically stored under your customer payment information and you'll be able to auto charge their account.
Mark Hull: Perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: And it's pretty straightforward in that sense.
Mark Hull: That's great. Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: So again, you could do this without syncing your QuickBooks. I can assure you though, if you have hesitations around security for QuickBooks stuff, it's very common. Almost all of our customers sync with QuickBooks. We are SoC2 compliant, so we have pretty strong security measures. And we actually just to give one more piece of mind, the big impetus for building nickel to begin with is a lot of payment services are not able to process based on the technology they built very large individual transactions. So we built nickel to be a platform that is able to handle 500,000amillion dollar individual transactions through our payment rails, whereas pretty much no other payment provider for online merchant services has that capability right now in that security. And that's why we were initially built for contractors. They'll have one big job, they're buying a ton of materials. One individual large transaction. Right. So that's why we were built. And because of that we just have an added layer of security that pretty much all the other merchant services providers don't really have. And now by offering this core solution, nickel core, I'll show you the pricing page here, which is our free solution to get going to everybody. We're just adding security as a benefit, working with nickel for free.
Mark Hull: Yeah, we'll definitely do the plus, by the way. So that's already. I've already. Yeah. So the plus is what we'll go with to start off with. We won't even bother with the core.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. That makes sense for scheduling future payments for you guys.
Mark Hull: Yeah. And I don't, I think pro, I think pro might be too much. I don't know.
Jacob Greenberg: I, I think it would.
Mark Hull: Yeah. But I mean I'm not, you know, I'm kind of looking over the, the difference, but I think that that is probably something we won't need. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, definitely the plus would be the. We would definitely go with the plus. And are there limitations? Like with cardpoint there they, they wanted to like it's Almost like you had to go through an approval process to, to, to make like what's the maximum amount per day, per week, per month that we could, we could bring in from our customers. That seemed, that was kind of an issue and it actually caused some issues with like single transactions people were having challenges making and you know, a twenty thousand dollar single transaction. And so I had to keep going back and why to go back a few times to get it adjusted.
Jacob Greenberg: So.
Mark Hull: That we can make these transactions. It doesn't sound like you have those kinds of limitations, but I'm not, you know, I'm not sure and it's not a big deal. We just have to figure out what, what that looked at looked like. And then of course we have the, the way the other know PowerPoint worked is that they would do, they would make, you know, we would do a bulk run so we would invoice 40 people or take a payment for 40 people in one on one day. So on the first of the month then it would sit and wait for them to validate all of the individual payments to make sure that the money was in the accounts. Then after that it would get bulk. It would go to the, you know, bash, not bulk but batch to the, to our bank. And then of course once it hit the bank it would, it would come over to our account. I don't know if that's your workflow or if it's something different. I, it wasn't a problem for us. It's just something you know that I would have to kind of keep an eye out for when you know, because your deposit date might be on the first, you know, the, the bull pull from all my, our customers. But then it would, we, it would hit our account like on the 7th or something like that.
Jacob Greenberg: So if it is ach, it truly is a two day turnaround time. Occasionally when working with smaller like community banks it might be longer. It's a two day turnaround time on Nichols End, right. Like it takes us two days to make sure to process this. The wild card in the equation is the bank that you work with, how long it takes for them to process and settle. Most banks are the same day that they get the alert, it's done like within an hour. Occasionally you'll have a couple banks that'll take longer to do so as far as turnaround time with nickel plus you could pretty reliably expect two day turnaround time. One caveat here is that the cutoff time is 4pm of that day. So if you're sitting at 6pm of that day, consider it a three day turnaround time right in that moment. As far as the batch processing goes, nickel kind of process is slightly different than what you're used to. Most companies will do the batch processing and that's how they're able to process larger transactions. But like I said, nickel was built to manage larger transactions more securely. So we do have the capability of doing one off settlements. So if you get 10 or 20 or 30 different transactions in a single day, it's not going to batch process as one deposit into your bank account. It will be those 30 individual deposits linked to those 30 individual transactions, regardless of the size. So one of the reasons we do this is it does make accounting easier for reconciliation purposes.
Mark Hull: Oh yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: That's kind of actually the biggest reason why we, we do it because it's easier for accounting and because we can like we have the technology to securely do that. So that is the only difference in the current process that you guys are experiencing right now. It will be faster turnaround times, the processing will be on a one to one ratio instead of batched out. But I do think for everything else you're attempting to do, it's going to streamline the entire process. And whether or not you start by syncing QuickBooks, you always have the ability to sync QuickBooks later on, right?
Mark Hull: Let me ask if you have a, can I ask a question about that? So yeah, sure. Is it syncing my entire QuickBooks or is it just syncing the invoice process?
Jacob Greenberg: You know what I mean? You click when you sync your QuickBooks before it pushes any information. You choose the chart of accounts, right. And so that will be the specific tab that you're going to have money coming from and going to. Within QuickBooks it will sync everything in that charted accounts into nickel. So you just make sure it's relevant to the operation that you're currently doing. But if you have multiple different QuickBooks or multiple different businesses or multiple different chart of accounts, it won't sync everything, only the one specific section that you select.
Mark Hull: Okay. Because. Yeah, because our the way. So we have essentially three. Well you know, chart of accounts get broken up into different types. But in terms of bank accounts we have three accounts. One is our just our like where we would receive our payments for invoices but we also use that same account for making payments. So that one bank account handles money coming in and money going out. Then I've got a payroll account which is strictly, it's a zero dollar account. But when we do payroll we process it through that account. And then a third is our donations. So nonprofit. So we have a, you know, essentially a donation account. So those are really our three accounts. So everything would. You probably would see most of most of it have access to if we link the accounts. Yeah, I mean, I don't know that there's any, you know, again, I don't know that there's any disadvantage necessarily. I just said, you know, I just have to think about a little bit. I think there are opportunities there that I really haven't thought about as much because of what the model we've been working with anyway. So I definitely, I'm, you know, I'm thinking because I do think it would streamline processes, you know, if you could link a invoice to a payment and that's managed without me having to do it myself. There does seem there is definitely an advantage to that.
Jacob Greenberg: I mean, the good news is you don't need to do that off the bat. Right. And you can always do whenever you think about it. So you can begin to start processing, you can begin to start consolidating. You know, your whole thing here is just to make this a little bit more streamlined and to offer the ability to pay credit card without you guys having to incur any fees. Right. So you can take the first step in that direction without having to do it all at once. You can start to streamline the payment methods into one place. You could keep a ledger inside nickel and you could export that if you just want to review it on a monthly basis or something without syncing it with QuickBooks and go through the process and see, hey, maybe this is already making my life easier by like just having this all in one place to reconcile with QuickBooks. It's not too much time for me. I like this idea of security and do that for a couple months. And then if you get to a point where you're like, well, nickel's been working and I have trust in it and I think it's a legitimate organization that I can continue to work with. And you want to sync QuickBooks, it takes 5 minutes maximum the first time you do it. And you'll be able to reconcile all of your historic transactions and you. It does save a lot of time. I think most often the reason people end up deciding not to work with nickel when they start talking to us is because they have a. They don't use QuickBooks. And like, the whole point of getting a system is to save money, but to save time syncing it. So occasionally they'll be using a Different accounting system that we don't have a native integration for. They love that we're affordable, they love the workflow, but it just takes a little bit more time for them to do reconciliation. So I know that that's secondary for you. The reconciliation thing, the first thing is, like, time and organization. So we could definitely check that box in the meantime.
Mark Hull: Okay, I want to be sensitive to your time. How much more time do you have? Do you think?
Jacob Greenberg: I'm coming up on time here? In about five, six minutes.
Mark Hull: Okay, so two quick questions. One is, I have a challenge with QuickBooks in that the reporting section is not. It's a challenge because we, for example, we'll have the same quote, unquote, customer for three years because we're middle school. We have six, seventh and eight. The challenge I have is when I'm trying to. When it.
Jacob Greenberg: When.
Mark Hull: When one of my customers says, can I get a report showing what I paid this year for my. For this year's tuition? They don't. They're not. Their system is not very good. About the reporting section in QuickBooks, frankly, for me is underwhelming. So I always have to do some manipulations. Some of their. Some of the reports are just flat out wrong. I'm not sure if there's a. If you have a reporting section that is.
Jacob Greenberg: So it's kind of all a reporting section. What you would do is you go into. There's two ways to do it. Firstly, if you wanted to look up a specific student or family, you could type in their name and click on them, and you'll be able to see all their historic payments and all their transactions. Here they'll start to line up.
Mark Hull: Is it by invoice or is it by person?
Jacob Greenberg: So two sections here under Accounts Receivable, one is invoices and one is customers.
Mark Hull: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So you can click on an individual customer, which will be a family, and you can see all their transactions with you. You can also go into invoices and filter for name. Right?
Mark Hull: Right.
Jacob Greenberg: It's another way to see the same thing, just in a different view. So if I type in, you know, my name, see all of my transactions that I've had with this organization, and I could, you know, mark all of them as paid or do anything I want from here. If I want to just see it, this is where I would go in to see it. So I just do first and last name. Make sure you're putting that for every person or however you want, or last name, family. And then you can also go into transactions, type in that customer name. I guess I'm not in here as a customer. Oh, that's the transaction idea. Guess we don't have it, Andy. That's fine. Let's find a customer I could use. So everything with this one customer, nickel technology would be the name who is coming to and from. And I'd be able to download that as a CSV from the transactions tab.
Mark Hull: But it doesn't do a. It doesn't do a report that would say, for example, maybe, maybe it does. But. So example gives me my, you know, my logo, my, you know, information about us. And then says, oh, here, this is invoice number. And whatever the text is against that invoice number. And then it lists payments, payment dates, payment amounts, payment type. Does it.
Jacob Greenberg: To share with, to share out.
Mark Hull: Yeah, because I get, I'll get, I'll get parents who are, you know, they're just, you know, I forgot where I'm at. Where. What do I need? How much do I owe?
Jacob Greenberg: That's. That's actually even easier. Sorry, I was misunderstanding what the objective was here. That's actually even easier. I'm going to try to find somebody that's had multiple different transactions on nickel for you. So, so we can see like historic information. Let's see.
Mark Hull: It's also, it's also okay for you to go. Yeah, I do have it. It is part of our functions. Then I trust that I, you know, it's, it's. It's. It's essentially, like I said, the challenge is the reports in quickbook, aren't they? I don't know. I don't. I. I have a. I used to do programming, develop applications. This kind of thing that you're doing, your application. That's kind of things I used to develop. And I have a real problem with the way that they are not as responsive. And it's just. They're developing wrong reports anyway, so that if you guys can do that, that's great.
Jacob Greenberg: So what you would do is this right here. So you'd go into the customer and essentially on any one of the invoices, so you could send them their link back. You would see their pre. Any previous invoice that you have here with that individual. So this would be the report. Technically, it's just a living portal where they'll be able to see every single invoice that was shared with them, whether it was paid or unpaid, and they'll be able to go in and pay it.
Mark Hull: So is this something though, that I can produce a hard copy for them in Some way.
Jacob Greenberg: And it's okay. As far as I. As far as, like, hard copy it. Just be downloading a sheet of transactions.
Mark Hull: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Or see unpaid invoices, and if there's multiple. They populate there. And then, you know, you could print this page as well.
Mark Hull: That would be fine. That's great. That's enough. I mean, I. I don't need a. You know, I don't need something. Yeah, that. That would be perfect. Yeah. If I can do that. Show them the transactions, that helps them. And then the last question I have real quickly is, so, you know, in terms of like. And I'm just kind of reflecting back what I had to deal with before, and this seems a lot cleaner in terms of, like, sometimes I'll have to. I don't think this is going to be a problem with your app. So in the past, it was a little bit challenging. I'd have, like, my bank account open. I'd have my QuickBooks open. I would have Carpoint open. And I would have to try to make sure that everything was lined up. But it seems like. Because you're not doing batch runs or bulk runs.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, exactly.
Mark Hull: It's a lot cleaner than what. Than what I was used to. So that doesn't really seem like it would be an issue. If a payment doesn't go through, I would assume I get a. I would get a email, something like that. Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: You can customize all the notifications you get also. So whenever a payment is failed or processed or there's a refund or a payout and you can add more and you could customize who gets what notifications if you have different people in your organization keeping the books, and you can toggle them on and off as well.
Mark Hull: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Customer is in for bill pay, so. Yeah.
Mark Hull: Wonderful.
Jacob Greenberg: And you can also. Yeah.
Mark Hull: Send them a notification, too. Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: It's whoever you want, really. So the customer notifications, there are less of them. It's really just payment made, payment failed, refund completed. But you can toggle this on or off for the customers to see it if you want to.
Mark Hull: Wonderful. Yeah. All right, Everything looks great. Go ahead.
Jacob Greenberg: No, that sounds great. I was just wondering if you think you had a timeline I should be aware of for implementing this.
Mark Hull: Asap.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Mark Hull: So I'm looking. I'm looking at as soon as possible. Because what I would like to do, if possible, is to get this rolled out before the first as much as possible. I mean, if it doesn't, it's fine. I can. I can target the following month. So just so you Know, most of our payments will happen like on the first of the month.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Mark Hull: And so we're kind of on a cycle. Hey, it's paid in payments on the 1st. Some people request the middle of the month because it aligns better with their. But then, and then. And we kind of have dead periods where in the summer we'll have like three, two, two months probably where we pretty much have a dead. Or probably three months of dead pain. Like nothing happens just because of the nature of our business. And then we'll see a lot in August and then we'll, you know, and then kind of just the rest of the year is kind of, you know, it's not a. We're small. You know, we have 47 students.
Jacob Greenberg: So we're.
Mark Hull: But we're, you know, we're growing, but we're still small. We're still, you know, as we grow, we'll have more. But anyway, you know, I, I like what I see from you, from your, you know, from your program and your application and platform. So I'm, I'm ready to go.
Jacob Greenberg: Nice. Okay, cool.
Mark Hull: Again, if I, I want to be sensitive to your time. So if, if you wanna. I don't know what our next steps are going to be, but if it's like we should meet again and talk a little bit more, that's great.
Jacob Greenberg: So I think the next steps here would be go ahead and sign up for the account sync. Don't sync your QuickBooks unless you want to, but sync your bank account and then create a couple test transactions within the system. If you have any questions as you go through it, I actually want to feel free to reach out to me of course. But let me show you a few things in here that also might just be like faster responses for you. Our help center is like really comprehensive. You can click message to send a live message to a live rep. So you can get specific answers from a real person answered right away from here or you can search for whatever you need. So pretty much most of the technical answers that I have I go here for. So you'll be able to get your resources for articles about miql but we also have like a bunch of nice little demo videos for any specific thing.
Mark Hull: Wonderful.
Jacob Greenberg: So if you're doing anything with incoming invoices related or creating a new one branding we have like they're like 45 second or a minute videos for each little thing you might think you might need to do within, within the platform. So this is a great place to like get quick answers. I would start here if you need technical support, this goes straight to our IT team, like this message. So this like surpasses me. Like account executives, it goes straight to the developers. They're the best at technical stuff to begin with. So frankly, this is should be the one stop shop. But if you need any other support for like onboarding and implementation training, new people, they don't. They've watched the videos and it doesn't work for them. They need some extra touch. I could schedule a meeting for us or for a customer success. Customer success manager for onboarding purposes. But yeah, this would be your go to right here. Under account settings would be the health center.
Mark Hull: Okay. And so like for whatever reason, when I originally signed up, somehow it gave a wrong. The contact email is mine but. But for whatever reasons it's got a wrong name in it. And it happened when, I don't know, maybe I pasted wrong or something. I can just go that directly to the tech support and just say, hey, can you fix this or adjust this? And they'll take care for.
Jacob Greenberg: So what was the issue specifically? Or you're just. Is this a hypothetical or.
Mark Hull: No, this is not. This is actually happening. So I initially signed up so I could get some emails and things. So I put my, my account name and email content. So contact information somewhere in there. The contact information is the wrong name. It's like a customer name that somehow either I copy and paste it or something. How it grabbed it or something. But I need to get that changed because obviously it's incorrect. So I would just go to technical support on that.
Jacob Greenberg: Exactly.
Mark Hull: Because, because I, I, for whatever reason I couldn't change it.
Jacob Greenberg: And if you ever want to like forward a screenshot or something like that so they have visibility into what you're looking at or Referring to support, Nickel.com would be the email address. And they're very, very responsive. Like we have a really great support team.
Mark Hull: Yeah. And then payment, like I would like to just set it up as autopay. Yep. So I can do that. And then is it, Is it, do I, when I sign up, do I do a selection of what tier I want or is it. How's that work?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. So when you sign up, you could select that and if you've already created an account and perhaps maybe skipped it, but want to use the same email you created for your account, you can always upgrade. So you'd go to account settings and plans.
Mark Hull: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: And it will tell you what plan you're currently on also.
Mark Hull: So wonderful. Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, Mark, I do have to hop off, but I'm happy we made some time to connect today. It seems like this is going to help solve a lot of of the things you guys have on.
Mark Hull: That sound like it. Thank you so much for your time.
Jacob Greenberg: Of course. Feel free to reach out if you have any additional questions.
Mark Hull: All right. Thank you so much.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, see you.
Mark Hull: Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3986227.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195513Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
