---
title: Nickel Demo - Didier Garcia
date: '2025-09-02'
time: '14:01:32'
duration_sec: 1648.64
duration_min: 27.5
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Didier Garcia <dgarcia@softwaresushi.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 137
---

Didier: Hello, how are you?
Jacob Greenberg: Good, good. Oh, nice background.
Didier: Oh, thank you.
Jacob Greenberg: Let me see if I can get mine up and going. It's not nearly as fun as that. Okay. Is it Didier? Didier, how's it going? Didier?
Didier: Pretty good.
Jacob Greenberg: Good, good. So, yeah, happy we can make some time today. I have 30 minutes on my calendar slotted. Does that still work for you? Yep. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. So typically, you know, purpose of this call is just for me to understand what you're interested in about Nickel, how you came to find us. And if it makes sense, I'll pop into a demo environment and walk you through that. Sure. By the end of this call, we know a little bit more about each other's business.
Didier: All righty. So I run a software consulting company. We do mostly AI and machine learning work.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool.
Didier: I get paid by clients. Some of my clients are an Upwork, so that's just taking care of automatically. But all of my bigger clients are paying me through ACH. I asked actually ChatGPT, I'm like, hey, what other platforms are competitors to QuickBooks, which is what I use right now for invoicing.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, like that.
Didier: And you guys were one of the ones listed. I forgot what the other ones were. I think stripe was listed. I think whatever. A bunch of other stuff was listed. And that's how I kind of clicked around and found you guys. And then I saw that you guys said you have, quote unquote, free AE. And I'm like, fantastic. QuickBooks takes one percent.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Didier: Which is insane.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, it gets expensive. Okay, so walk me through a little bit about how you're currently using QuickBooks right now. Do you have QuickBooks online or desktop? Online. Gotcha. And you said this is how you're sending out accounting requests for invoices.
Didier: Yeah, for the most part, things are going off. There's some stuff that isn't invoice. One guy that I know that we subcontract for, You basically fill out a Google sheet and he pays us through Gusto.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Okay, gotcha. And then, so for these invoices that you're sending out to some of the larger customers, what are the size of the transactions? How frequently are they? Are they recurring payments or one-off? No.
Didier: So they will be in the future recurring. So the largest single invoice that's sent out, I think it's like 70,000.
Jacob Greenberg: Something like that.
Didier: And they kind of vary. Most of our big clients are like usage based, like how many hours we bill for them that month. That my newest client is going to be on a recurring. I think it's $7,500 maintenance plan. That'll probably start in the next few months, not right away.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. So most aren't recurring. Some are. You're transitioning to do a little bit more of these recurring payments and transaction volume Or the transaction size can vary from like 7,500 to 70,000. Yeah. Gotcha. In a given month, how many transactions are you typically doing and what's the volume of money that you're transacting with on a monthly basis?
Didier: Within the last 12 months, the largest month, I think, has been about 115,000. Okay. 115,000. I think that was like three transactions.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Didier: And it's not that many. So if we have four clients, we'll probably send out four invoices until we start doing the recurring. Plus one or whatever the number of recurring is.
Jacob Greenberg: Walk me through what your plan is to do recurring. Is that just a business model shift? You're going to start to Mandate that for all customers or is it a specific product they're offering?
Didier: No, that's gonna be related to a plan we're offering.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool.
Didier: So it'll be 24/7 support. So we'll do system monitoring, we'll be on call, all that fun stuff.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. Gotcha. All right, cool. And right now you're using QuickBooks Online to send these invoices individually? Correct. Gotcha. All right, cool. Have you been able to explore any other merchant services solutions or ARAP solutions or are we your first stop on this journey?
Didier: I looked at Stripe before. They, I think, are cheaper than QuickBooks. I didn't end up switching and I don't remember why. I didn't end up doing billing through there. Forgot why. I think one of my clients had an issue with Stripe or whatever. And I think we just kind of killed it.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Yeah. Stripe does charge a good amount of money. So this is actually a little bit. I'll give you some background about nickel and the stripe conversation goes right into this. So our founder was in the built world space. So we were for Stanley black and Decker. Nichols originally backed by DeWalt and Stanley black and Decker. And the reason is we're built because the contracting industry had a lot of cash flow problems, right? So they'd be very check heavy or they'd have checks sitting in their car for a week and a half, it'd take a long time to settle. They have to purchase materials for the job before they get settled up. So we created, and also they've really large transaction volumes, which is one of the bigger components here. So there are a lot of merchant services online, but their technology rails really aren't adapted and well suited to do large individual transactions. So QuickBooks does it pretty well. They do charge.
Didier: They also delay payments.
Jacob Greenberg: They do delay payments. And so that is something that you're gonna see a lot with companies like. Yeah, exactly. So you have experience already. Yeah. So companies like Stripe, if you do transactions that are maybe above 10,000 or above 20,000, they're gonna flag it, you're gonna have to reach out via email. If it does come through, everything on time, it's going to come in batched payments to your bank account, which is going to make reconciliation a little bit more complicated and time consuming. But also your every average day transaction of a $10,000 or more is going to almost guarantee that you have to reach out to support and resolve it before it can settle. So that's why Nickel was built so we could process transactions up to millions of dollars with individual settlements, not batch settlements. We just have stronger payment rails and stronger technology built for that industry. Once we built it out for the contracting industry and for the built world, we realized that this applies to pretty much every other business. Also, we had a lot of accountants coming in inquiring about their businesses and their clients could use us. And ever since then, we've just pretty much serviced everybody that does business to business payments or sends requests to customers for payments. That's our background handling larger transactions and making it easier to integrate into your solution. So I can show you right now also just the backend here. One other thing is we have a native integration with QuickBooks. So anything that you do within QuickBooks is gonna automatically populate in Nickel. It makes it really easy to get going. So if you already have customer information in QuickBooks, I assume you guys do, it'll automatically populate in Nickel when you begin transacting. And then you'll just be able to send the invoice from Nickel And whenever it gets paid, partially paid, even once it's sent, it'll just automatically update that record within QuickBooks. So you don't have an extra step to your bookkeeping, but you are saving on that 1% cost, which can truly add up a lot. I will hop into my demo environment here. Do you have a timeline that you're looking to hold to that I should be aware of for implementing? A new tool like this?
Didier: No, no, I mean, if it works out and it's great and fantastic, the sooner we do it, the better. Well, before next month, right?
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So sometime within the month. Yeah. Awesome. Have you been able to log in and play around yet or is everything here?
Didier: I haven't even created an account. I've waited for this conversation.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, fantastic. I'll walk you through all this here. So this is just a basic summary page. You'll be able to see your latest transactions and you'll also be able to see all of your transactions from an overview level and a detail level on the transactions tab on the left hand side here. This is going to make it really easy for you to manage all of your completed transactions, whether AR or AP. We handle AP really well as well. I know you're interested in AR, but I'll walk you through AP also. It just kind of makes life easier. And then you for accounts receivable will be living under this get paid tab. Now this says invoices and customers as two different sections. I know you said you do have a lot of customer information already stored in QuickBooks. Not that many.
Didier: We have a total of like five.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, fantastic. All that information will sync into here automatically. You'll go to account settings. Pop open integrations on the far right, click Link QuickBooks account. Depending on how much info you have in QuickBooks, this can take anywhere from 30 seconds to five minutes, but seems like if you just have five customers, it should be really quick. Now all of your invoices can also sync. We have some customers that have, or Nickel users that have really highly customized their QuickBooks invoices. And there's a lot of unique features that they generate on each one. So if you want to generate the invoice from QuickBooks, you absolutely still can. It will just auto populate here in Nickel. And you'll be able to edit line items. So if you have line item invoices in QuickBooks, you'll be able to pop open that invoice in Nickel and update those line items or review them. Or you can create the invoice from within Nickel. You can also create recurring invoices from within Nickel. So. This would be showing me all my existing recurring invoices. Or I could create a new one. So I'll create a test one for us. I'll add a new customer here. I'm going to put my email address just to show you kind of what these emails look like when they come in. Do you guys use invoice numbers or purpose numbers on your AR?
Didier: QuickBooks has an invoice number.
Jacob Greenberg: So you use the QuickBooks invoice. Yeah. But the recurring amount, so this could either be one time or recurring. I'll show you what recurring looks like. It's very basic. Come in here and you pick the cadence, so if it's monthly, weekly, quarterly, or annually, when it's going to start, when it's going to end, and then it'll show you a schedule of those payments. Pretty much.
Didier: Is an end necessary or can you leave that blank?
Jacob Greenberg: An end is necessary, but you can put it for a couple years out if you want, and then you can also update it at any point. So all of these payment invoices are going to generate their own individual link, which you can pop into and update at any time, especially for recurring. Another interesting feature is you can actually upload onto the transaction level itself an unlimited amount of documents relevant to that transaction. So I have a sample invoice uploaded here. You could have contracts, net terms, any other agreements that you want with that customer can be embedded on the individual transaction level to reduce the amount of email digging and other methods of channel communication with the customer. Pretty much one unified portal for them.
Didier: Yeah, for one of our customers, they want to know what we worked on, so we send it in customer notes.
Jacob Greenberg: Perfect. So you can put notes here. You can also put PDFs that they can download. Cool. One quick thing to show you would be the advanced tab here. So from this tab, you can enable or disable credit card payments. This feature is only available with Nickel Plus. For you guys, I do recommend Nickel Plus. Nickel Core caps your transaction limit to $25,000 per transaction. Nickel Plus is only $35 a month and has unlimited transaction limits. The other benefit is one day quicker turnaround times. And you'll also get a customer success manager. So we'll have disabled credit card payments here if you want to.
Didier: I normally do that. I'm not interested in paying their crazy fees.
Jacob Greenberg: Great. I'll walk you through this here. I'm going to keep this enabled for this transaction just so I could show you all of the different transaction types. But one reason Nickel was created was to be able to offer customers of Nickel users any type of payment method that they prefer without it incurring any type of bottlenecks or problems for the customer themselves. So essentially we'll pass automatically 100% of the credit card fee onto the customer if you want, but it gives them the option, right? So what we see is people send out these payment requests. It'll have the pay by bank, no fee.
Didier: That's handy if you do that automatically then.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I'll show you what it looks like. You can allow customers to edit the payment amount. So if they want to pay half by credit card or half by CH, they can do that on their own. And this is where you'd customize the payment request. For you and most Nickel users, they put 100% of the fee if they opt to use credit card onto their customer. Sometimes we have large distributors that will have a customer arrangement with the manufacturer and they'll share fees. So you can customize that fee share if you want to. Create that invoice. Now you can send this via email or text message to the customer. If you have their payment method on file, you can automatically charge them from here. Just click charge without sending the request. And I'll show you what the process looks like for requesting from customers. If you do want to do this, we have a very easy way for you to request from customer their banking info, sends them to a portal. It's a three-step process. They accept terms and conditions that you've set for your company and They'll upload the bank info. We'll take care of the PCI compliance and all of that stash it on our end and you could just go through and automatically click charge or set a date that it will be auto charged on so you don't have to send out the AR request. Helps with cash flow advantage sometimes. Yep.
Didier: I have a note that's already 15 days late.
Jacob Greenberg: There you go. That's a perfect use case for this. So I'll show you how that works as well. If you do send the one off invoice, it's going to look like this in their email. So it'll have your company name here. DeGraw Distribution is our dummy account for demo purposes. You'll have your business name and logo and the request for payment. They'll just click pay now. And it's as simple as a portal like this. So they'll always be able to access this portal. If they have previous transactions with you, they'll show here on the left hand side and they'll be able to see the previous transactions if it's outstanding or whatnot. Those documents that your customers require you upload will be right here and they could click it to download them and they could choose to pay by card or to pay by bank. So you'll see one option is free. One option is 2.99%. Some customers prefer To pay by credit card, they'll get the points back anyway, gives them a little bit of cash flow advantage. Typically it's better for businesses, quicker turnaround time. Yeah, I like that. So it's that easy. Now once it's paid, it'll come into your invoices, it'll be marked as completed. Oh, I'm in the wrong demo environment. It'll be marked as completed here. Super basic. Now, for a customer, you can upload the customer information on your own if they've already sent it to you. Or. You could request their permission. So.
Didier: So what are they? Yeah, what does that end up looking like?
Jacob Greenberg: Let's see. So it comes in like this again, your name and logo.
Didier: It would like to save your payment method for future transactions.
Jacob Greenberg: Complete the form. Yeah. So they'll pop in here some background about what the authorization is for and what it does. Click Get Started, review and accept the terms, and then enter the bank info. Once it's entered, we secure that, securely save it for you. They can verify their account with Plaid to prevent fraud for you. Just make it super easy to log in also for them. And then it's stored. Then you can go ahead and go into Nickel and just go in the invoices tab for anybody that has already uploaded that information, you can just go ahead and click charge instead of click send payment. Very, very simple.
Didier: Or it could automatically charge.
Jacob Greenberg: Right. Or it can automatically charge on a set date and then you could just. What'd you say, Didier?
Didier: I love automation.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Didier: Which brings me to a question. Do you guys have an API?
Jacob Greenberg: For QuickBooks we do. For QuickBooks.
Didier: I guess since you're integrated with QuickBooks, do things automatically sync or do I have to press a button?
Jacob Greenberg: Automatically sync.
Didier: Because QuickBooks has an API where I can see everything on their end.
Jacob Greenberg: Perfect. If it's going through to QuickBooks, you have another API with QuickBooks, it'll just push to through whatever you integrate with.
Didier: Do you have the concept of like people associated with an account? Can you have somebody else that has view access or?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, absolutely.
Didier: All that account access, yes, some members most likely.
Jacob Greenberg: You'll be able to upload members and you can also give them accessibilities, work Flows, permissions, etc, etc.
Didier: On your integration tab.
Jacob Greenberg: This would just be for syncing with QuickBooks.
Didier: First one, huh?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Well, we're really QuickBooks focused. Makes sense. Yeah. Most businesses use QuickBooks and yeah. The main other company in this space for a time being has been a company that just got acquired by Xero and they're pretty much kicking everybody who uses QuickBooks off of QuickBooks integration. So that's our focus right now. We're getting so many customers from them. It's a little inundating, but yeah, we've pushed online. We're pushing a QuickBooks desktop integration in about three weeks here. And then for other customers, if you have a custom ERP CRM or any type of solution that you use, on a case-by-case basis, we may build a AE in the audio. Transcribe the English words that are spoken. We try to avoid APIs for other proprietary software just because of the data security involved with passing customer information. Yep.
Didier: So when you build those solutions, do you build it on a platform like make.com or n8n?
Jacob Greenberg: I'm actually not sure.
Didier: I'm not building them myself.
Jacob Greenberg: I go to the dev team and I'm like, we need this. And they say, this is when we're gonna have it. So, yeah.
Didier: No barking.
Jacob Greenberg: Sorry. Say that again.
Didier: My puppy's barking.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, no worries. Barking at me.
Didier: Some dips up.
Jacob Greenberg: Well. I only have eight minutes here left. I'm happy to walk you through a little bit more on the AE side if you'd like to see it. But also, if you had any questions that you'd like me to answer that I haven't covered yet today, I'm happy to go through that as well. One final thing I want to show you before I move on from AR. We have a custom payments portal. If you wanted to just embed this generic payment portal onto your website, you absolutely can.
Didier: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: This page is customizable. It'll be a workflow. You'll start on this page, click make payment, it'll move to another page that looks like this, but you can put whatever fields you want. If you want people to download a document on that page or upload their signature or fill in whatever fields about their specific bill, they can do that as well. It's just to pay on your website button. You can include this link as a generic payment portal wherever you want to. And you can name it whatever you want, right? So you can have softwaresushi.nicelpayments.com/depositpage and it'll be specifically built for deposits. Awesome.
Didier: No, this is great. One question. So I have a lot of contractors that I end up paying to do work. Most of them like to be paid through PayPal. You guys do any of that sort of stuff?
Jacob Greenberg: We will have Apple Pay activated in September. PayPal we don't. We may be looking to do that in the future, but there's nothing in the short term plans to add that feature. But this will be a bank to bank payment anyway. So if their PayPal sync, if their PayPal sync to their bank account, it's pretty much having the exact same effect. And they might honestly prefer using nickel themselves than PayPal once they learn about it. Awesome. Awesome. So yeah, does this seem like it's fitting your needs? What's your temperature check on using nickel this month?
Didier: Very warm.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. Well, I'm happy to show you any other step or we could set a follow-up call for check-in a couple of weeks down the line, see if you had any questions, make sure it's being adopted. To your preferences.
Didier: Are there any sort of discounts I should be aware of as far as for that monthly fee that are available before I sign up or anything like that?
Jacob Greenberg: So it's either the free plan or the $35 a month plan. I believe we might, if you'd see this from getnickel.com, we might have like a one or two month free trial for the nickel plus, but just go ahead and check out the regular pricing page on our website and you'll be able to see if that's still available. The one other thing is we do have a refer business onto Nickel. So if you do have a lot of contractors that would like to use it, you could get paid $250 per individual contractor that signs up. Yeah, that'd be great. So yeah, that's about it. AP is very similar to AR, just as easy to generate for payments if you are making payments to contractors frequently, and that's pretty much One of the most common use cases in AE right now is paying out individual contractors. Once things are synced to and from QuickBooks, you'll have this QuickBooks logo next to them. So let you know that there's the two way sync for these. And you can make a new bill the same way. You can find people you've already paid before or set up a new payment. And. Sorry, I keep pressing the wrong button.
Didier: It's so tempting.
Jacob Greenberg: Go ahead and do a reason for payment, contracting, due date, same thing, upload a document, go ahead, make the payment, and it will automatically process, and you'll be able to track all those processes well. You're going to put customer approvals here. So if you do have an employee that you work with that's going to be sending out payments on your behalf and managing AP, you can set it so that you have final approval of anything over a certain size or anything at all. And you can manage all of your vendors from a single page, see all of your open balance and spend with them, active bills, et cetera.
Didier: No, this is really cool. I'm going to definitely switch.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. All right, great. Well, I'll put a reminder on my calendar to check in with you in a couple of weeks, make sure everything's going swimmingly. Besides that, yeah, go ahead and you could get started today on the free plan to test out. I think that When you're ready to do a transaction above $25,000, you should definitely upgrade. If you wanted to just start off with the upgraded version so that you can get the one day turnaround or if you have a transaction above that amount in mind that you want to do.
Didier: Every transaction is likely going to be over that amount.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. So you sign up for the plus version. Yeah. All right. Awesome, dude.
Didier: Thank you so much.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, Didier. Sounds good. Have a good day. All right, bye bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3623065.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195521Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
