---
title: Nickel Demo Request - Tasvir Mirza
date: '2025-09-30'
time: '16:01:20'
duration_sec: 2082.68
duration_min: 34.7
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Tasvir Mirza <info@limitlessluxurytravels.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 146
---

Jacob Greenberg: Hey, can you hear me?
Tasvir: Yes, Jacob, can you hear me?
Jacob Greenberg: Yes, I can. How's it going today?
Tasvir: Good, good, good. Sorry about that. I couldn't log into Zoom for some reason.
Jacob Greenberg: It happens from time to time.
Tasvir: First of all, I wanted to apologize for yesterday. My meeting took longer than. Way longer than I expected. So I wasn't able to join our meeting yesterday.
Jacob Greenberg: That's all right. Same on my end for our reschedule. So I'm happy we can make some time to connect today.
Tasvir: Perfect, perfect, perfect. So I received your information from one of my colleague who mentioned about the ACH transaction. So I came to your website and I set up the meeting with you. I wanted to find out what your system provides and if we can be a good match.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Great. Before we get started, I do have half an hour on our calendar here. Does that still work for you?
Tasvir: That's fine, that's fine.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, fantastic. We typically start these conversations by just learning a little bit more about your business. And then what you're specifically looking to accomplish in your current process, that's in place for accounts receivable or accounts payable. That way I could customize a demo and give you the information that's just explicitly pertains to your business. And then after that I'll give you a little bit of that demo and then we could save some time at the end to discuss whether or not we need a follow up or if you can get going on your own after this call. Does that sound fair?
Tasvir: Perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: Great. So, yeah, provide me a little bit of background for your company. I see the website that you put. I think you put a website here, limitless luxurytravels.com.
Tasvir: Correct.
Jacob Greenberg: So yeah, give me a little bit of background on the company and how you guys are currently doing arap and what spurred your investigation into new processors today.
Tasvir: Sure. So we are in the travel business, in travel club rather travel club membership in a nutshell, what our product is. Let's say that if we are. When you, when you go to make a reservation through Expedia or Travelocity Hotels.com, whatever the case may be. Right. You pay, let's say hundred dollars a night that you pay to, to stay at, let's say Hilton or in Manhattan. Let me log in to perhaps show you a little better. Hold on, let's see, hold on one second. Let me get the login credential. It's not saved here. So let's say that you go to Manhattan to stay at a Hilton and the price over there is $100 a night. Let's say for the sake of argument, the wholesale rate for that hotel perhaps is just, let's say just. I'm sorry, I'm looking for the username and password. Let's say just $80 per night. Let's say for the sake of argument, but that extra $20 is what the, the system, which is rather the travelocity, this monopoly or oligopoly in the travel industry, they charges and that if you don't, if the hotel decided not to publish their rate, which is called the price parity rate, if they don't agree with that, then what these companies do, they actually put their hotel information at the very, very, very end of the page. So most of the visitor of their site, they're not going to be able to find them in their, in their system. So what my system does is we provide wholesale rate for our members. Now we cannot publish it in the whatchamacallit to the general public for, for usage because obviously if we put the wholesale rate in the market to the regular public, then we're going to get sued left and right. So that's why we sell membership to our travel club that the person can travel whenever they want and whatever they're looking forward to do. And that does not include only hotel stays, that includes resort stays, what you might call it hotel stays, anything and everything that goes with it. Cruises, airline, everything in a nutshell. So let me see if I can log in here. Okay. Okay, let's see. Okay, hold on one second. I can provide you the login credential that you can take a look at in the bracket should we decide to go forward. But yeah, that's basically what we do. We have week stays, hotel stays and resorts, cruises, anything and everything under the sun. We have everything available. What we currently do is we have credit card processing and we have financing available for our clients. What we are missing is ACH transaction for our clients. I mean if it's, I mean if it's a good whatchamacallit, if you have rather credit card processing as well, we would rather talk about that as well. It's more the merrier that we have. We currently have about seven or eight processing that we do. We distribute all of our transactions throughout all of them. So some of our clients, they would rather pay via ACH because it's a large sum. Our transaction goes from $4,000 upwards of $10,000 per membership because it's a lifetime membership. We can also provide like lifetime membership or we can time frame like one year, three or Five years. So and some of the financing that we have that also requires or rather takes the transaction, it actually goes to the client. So the funding goes to the client. And then we have to process an ACH besides our direct to merchant financing. So on those cases we have to process ach. That's the reason why we are looking forward to a dynamic system where we can process ACH for our clients.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, sounds good. You guys are doing credit card processing already. How are you guys currently doing that?
Tasvir: The processing via credit card? Yeah, all of our transaction goes through invoicing system. We send the invoice to the customer, the customer receives the invoice, they make the payment. We also have what you might call it, a DocuSign that the customer has to sign in order for them to go ahead and make the make the transaction. Once they sign the DocuSign, which all of our terms are condition included in it, once they go through with it, that's when they receive the payment page, which is the invoicing. Through the invoicing, they only make the payment by themselves. So we capture their IP along with the DocuSign. So whenever they receive the DocuSign or sign the DocuSign rather we select a certificate that I can show you and then they also receive the invoice. We actually capture their IP address when they're making the payment, just to be on the safe side in case of the customer. Because some customers, they do go to their bank and say that I didn't process it. We want to show the bank that, hey, this is the DocuSign that they signed. This is coming from their IP address. And here is the transaction where they process. So they know the bank also knows that where they're going from. I can show you very quickly the back end of the of the portal. Let me know if you can see my screen.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep, I can see this.
Tasvir: Okay, so this is the back end of the portal where you can see the components, which is hotels, cruises, cars, flights, homes, weeks, et cetera. So let's say for the sake of argument, if I want to stay in Manhattan, New York, and I want to select, let's say I want to go in November, let's say for the sake of argument, let's do that for four days. If I search for it, the back end is connected to the GDS portals throughout the basically the entire world. They can travel anywhere in the world. All the transaction takes place in the platform that goes through my parent company. We have nothing to do with it. We only need solution to sell the Membership to give the members access to this particular portal. So as you can see right over here, it's Central 5th by Hilton Club. The public price is, sorry, $3199. They're going to be saving 13 $98.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, so just to clarify, so you're essentially selling them access to this portal with a membership fee that you invoice after you receive a docusign agreement completed?
Tasvir: That is correct.
Jacob Greenberg: So for the way you're collecting those payments right now, you have the option to accept credit card. You don't have the option to accept ACH. Lifetime membership fees are between 4k and 10k. Are these payments or one off payments?
Tasvir: No, one off payment. Just one time payment, no subscription.
Jacob Greenberg: When you do accept credit card, what is the provider that you use to accept credit card?
Tasvir: We currently have multiple, we use Stripe, we have Square, we have another one COPE card, we have Lumino taylorpay everywhere we have a bunch of them.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And how frequently are you accepting lifetime membership payments? Is it once a week? Once a month. How many of these are.
Tasvir: In a perfect scenario? We would like to accept it on a daily basis, but you usually. We do one year membership mostly. So that's one far in between.
Jacob Greenberg: And what is the amount of total processing volume that you're doing through credit cards in a given month?
Tasvir: In a given month. I want to say about we're getting to the season, so it's going to increase, but the last few months I want to say on an average about 80 to 100k.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. And so using Stripe or Square, you guys are currently paying the credit card processing rates at the moment and that's probably around the 2 to 3% rate.
Tasvir: Right? Right. And it also averages because some of them, they have a little higher, higher rates. So yeah, that's, that's also. It's fluctuates between that. But Stripe, where they're pretty much 2.9% or 3%.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. So this is going to be a pretty easy solve for you guys. Actually I'll open up my demo environment and show you what it looks like. But off the bat we'll be able to offer the ach. We'll also probably be able to save you if you are doing about 100k in credit card transactions on a monthly basis, probably save you about $3,000 a month just on that. Oh perfect.
Tasvir: Did I close it or you can see? Okay. Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: I'm just gonna open up my demo environment really quickly, get that going. Gotcha. So it's fair to Say your revenue is roughly like 1.2 million, but 1.2.
Tasvir: Yeah, yeah, it's gonna be a little bit higher right now because we have recently just started working with three other sales offices. Two in Orlando, one in Fort Lauderdale. I'm based in Boca Raton, Florida. We currently have ourselves, we have about three offices that we do. So the volume will increase as we see. So I'm just trying to put all my solutions there available so that when the time comes and the volume picks up, we can distribute it properly.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. Can you see my screen here?
Tasvir: Yes, sir.
Jacob Greenberg: So yeah, once you log into Nickel and I'm just going to start with this pricing page actually so it's free to get going today. If you want to begin these transactions, you're going to be able to sign up with the core platform. The big difference between core and plus which is either $0 a month or 35amonth is on core we do limit individual transactions to $25,000 per transaction. So if you are mostly doing 4,000 to $10,000 transactions, you'll definitely be able to get away with nickel Core. The difference here is a turnaround time of one day faster when you do Nickel plus. Or you could do schedule payments in advance or set recurring payments. It seems like for your use case you could probably get going and get the most out of nickel off the bat by signing up for free today. So you do what the platform looks like to make sure that you're familiar with it so that we could get you activated and start saving money quickly.
Tasvir: Sure.
Jacob Greenberg: So inside nickel you'll be able to see summary transactions get paid in bill pay. On the transaction side here you're going to be able to see an overview of all of your transactions. Whether it's ach credit card doesn't matter, it's just going to be able to show you that invoice, the data is created and sent the the amount, where it's going to coming from and the purpose. So if you have invoice numbers and the status of that transaction, you make it really easy to filter by date or by customer invoice number and the status of those transactions as well. Now all is downloadable as an Excel sheet. Do you guys have one specific software you use for accounting?
Tasvir: Go high level.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. So for this you're going to want to do downloads for CSV and then you could import it into your accounting if you would like to. Here on the get paid section is where you're going to be generating your invoices. So you'll send out your DocuSigns, you'll get those signed and then you'll be able to move forward and create an invoice. Or you could create the invoice and include that link to the DocuSign here as well.
Tasvir: Perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: So in the invoice, that's great. Yeah. In the invoices tab, I'll do an example here. So I'm going to do. Let's see, it's limitless travel, right?
Tasvir: Limitless luxury travel, yeah. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So I'll create a new customer. I'm going to put my email address in here. So I show you what it looks like to receive this invoice. And do you guys use invoice numbers or invoice purposes?
Tasvir: Purposes. Travel club.
Jacob Greenberg: So travel club invoice. We'll put the invoice amount and it's a one time payment. If you did want to do recurring, you're able to do that as well and schedule that recurring invoice. But for you it's one time. Any additional notes for customers? So you can enter, please complete DocuSign prior to payment and you put the link in here as well.
Tasvir: Perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: You can also upload any documents that you want. So if you do have netterms agreements or if they have completed the DocuSign and you want to update this to include the attachment of the DocuSign, you're able to do that as well. And that's pretty much it. We're going to go ahead and create this invoice now. You can charge the payment method on file. If you have already accepted that payment information from the customer and they've signed an agreement to enable you to auto charge them, you can do that just by adding the customer information here. So you can manually enter the payment information and then you can just automatically charge them. Alternatively, in the way that you're doing it now, you could send out this payment link and you can do it via email or by phone number or both.
Tasvir: Perfect.
Jacob Greenberg: I'm going to go ahead and share this link with myself. Send out that invoice. You'll see once it's sent that it's populated here in the invoices tab. So the purpose, the customer, the status of it, so it's active, it hasn't been paid yet, the due date for it, I just set the due date for today. But you could set this out if you have 30 day or 60 day net terms, the amount of that transaction, how much they've paid and you're easily able to send a reminder as well. So I just Clicked it to send one more reminder to myself. Now we'll see that I have the email for the invoice and I also have the reminder for the email for the invoice, because I sent both. If I click into the invoice itself, what it's going to show me is your company name here, Limitless luxury travel. And then the purpose of the invoice here you'll have your own logo and your company name and if you click on that from the email, it'll redirect to your website.
Tasvir: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: And I have the high level summaries of this information. So if you did have the PDF attached with the DocuSign agreement, that will be included down here below, you'll have who is sent from the invoice information as well as any additional information that you want to include. On a high level, if you go ahead and click Pay now, this will populate with your invoice page. It will have your logo, it'll have your company name. If there were previous transactions with the same customer, it would populate here below the payment amount. And they're able to click into. If you made this a hyperlink. I didn't, I just entered the information. They'll be able to click into that link and go ahead and access that DocuSign. Or they'll be able to click into the DocuSign if it's already been downloaded as a PDF attachment.
Tasvir: Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: Now, what you'll see here is the most important thing is they'll have the option to pay by card or to pay by bank. You'll see that there's no fees associated if they choose to pay by bank. But if they did choose to pay by credit card, and some people prefer to, because Most people have 2 to 3% cash back already, it might provide them with some cash flow advantages of being able to pay it off over time. If they want, they'll be able to select pay by card and we'll automatically add that fee so that your business does not incur that 3% fee anymore. Additionally, if they want to pay by bank, they could pay and there's no fee associated. They simply fill out their banking information or their card information and click Pay.
Tasvir: The customer fills that out.
Jacob Greenberg: Correct.
Tasvir: Okay, perfect. So I see that there's a 2.99 fee. What? So there you don't charge business, you charge the customer for the transaction fee. Correct.
Jacob Greenberg: You have the ability to customize who pays this. But most of the nickel users that are on our platform put that processing rate 100 on the customer of theirs because they have the option to pay either way, they have the option to pay without fees or the option to pay with fees. So that's why people like to use nickel because we can compliantly pass this fee on to all of your customers.
Tasvir: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay, this is great. This is, this is, this is new. I haven't seen this.
Jacob Greenberg: This is how we're going to be able to save you guys that a couple thousand bucks a month.
Tasvir: Of course, of course, of course. And what's the whatchamacallit, what's the funding period? What's the disbursement of funds once you process it to the business? And I guess one of my second question is within your system, within your platform, is it possible to have multiple users? So let's say for my, for the sake of argument, I'm going to have my sales office have each on one of the sales office would have access to their, their own platform rather with nickel right under my, under my account. And I want to make sure that they're able to send invoices to the customer. However, one office cannot have access to another office's transactions that they have processed. Whereas as a main contact holder I can see everything from a 30,000 view feet overview. Is it possible to do that in your system?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. Let me pull up a demo environment where we have that built out. Give me one second. It. I'm having a hard time opening that environment, but I'll just show you what it would look like. Yeah, walk you through it. Can you see my screen here?
Tasvir: Yes.
Jacob Greenberg: So essentially what you would have is we'd set you up with what's called an accountant's account. It just means you have a master account and sub accounts. So here underneath the summary tab you'll see a tab that says clients. And inside that you'll set up an account for each of your individual offices so that people that have accounts inside Office A versus Office B will only be able to access that environment while you'll be able to access the entire environment.
Tasvir: Perfect. So one user or the other, sorry, User A is not going to be able to see User B or user B is not going to be able to see. Okay, gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: And additionally you have additional membership abilities here where you're able to manage, let's see, you're able to manage who can access what. So you can add new users as administrators, managers or members and you can customize the access that they have. So an administrator would be you. You have full access to Everything. Managers can only do certain activities like transfer funds and members can only do certain activities like transfer funds unless an approval is active. So you can put in approval workflows as well.
Tasvir: When you say transfer funds, that's the fund for. From the customer to the.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. It's essentially sending out the individual invoice.
Tasvir: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: We're doing pay.
Tasvir: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So we also have people that use us for essentially doing payroll for their employees and they'll pay their employees here with recurring payments and you see everyone there or like if they're paying utilities or rent, stuff like that, providers, they can automate their bill pay here so that it's all easily organized and you could see all of your vendors as well.
Tasvir: Perfect. Okay. Beautiful.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. And then as far as your first question for settlement times, if you do sign up for Nickel plus, there's a tube day business turnaround for ACH and the next day business turnaround for credit card. If you sign up for Nickel core, it's a two day turnaround for cards and a three day turnaround for ach.
Tasvir: Gotcha. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Does one of these, are one of these more attractive than the other?
Tasvir: I'll probably go with the plus. I'll probably go with the plus. My question is in regards to the system, how protected your back end is with that being said is I, I had Ethica, which is for my credit card processing because at a certain level the customers either they don't understand. We have our customer service team, we have 247 customer concierge service. 365 days a year, seven days a week. If they have any question they can all contact them. But still they decided to. Sometimes they just want to get their money back. Instead of calling us, they want to give a call to their, to their bank. We have a 30 day money back guarantee, no questions asked 100% including in our DocuSign, in our documents that I can show you. But they still do it. So to minimize that issue to charge back and dispute issues, my merchant accounts, I've had RDR or ethical and other services CDRN activated in the system. So in case if they call their bank we get notified immediately and so we can process the refund as opposed to that particular transaction becomes a chargeback. That's only for the credit card processing. So I guess my question to you is do you have any system in place for that? And as far as the ACH goes, this is fairly new to us. What are the requirements, the risk associated.
Jacob Greenberg: With it with ach, with ACH as.
Tasvir: Well as with A credit card? Yes.
Jacob Greenberg: So as far as our security goes, you could explore more on get nickel slash security. We'll show you the entire process about how we move your Money. We are SOC2 compliant. We're directly integrated with FDIC insured accounts. So we're backed by the Federal Reserve. And it'll show you a little bit more about our PCI SOC 2 standards and our encryption and tokenization standards. So it's worth taking a review of this page. There's some good information here.
Tasvir: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: But we do have bank grade security, multi factor security. If you wanted to, we could put some things in place for credit card authorization. So we have something called 3DS if you want yes cards. So 3DS enables like a, you know, it's pretty much two step authentication. But for credit cards we can enable that for you as well upon request. Once you create your account, just hop into the support tab and you'll be able to make the request to update that. And that is pretty much it on the credit card front. On the ACH front, we do have a level of compliance and security where we will review transactions to ensure that they're secure to reduce chargebacks. And that is pretty much what we do when it passes through nickel. So we have that one extra step of security. We have a fraud department besides that, this relatively standard credit card and ACH transactions.
Tasvir: Okay. So with the ach, does the customer. If let's say for the sake of argument, the customer wants a refund and we wanted to refund the customer, how do we refund to the customer?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. So you could actually process that refund by doing bill pay here.
Tasvir: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Or within the transaction itself. If there's a request for refund. You can come into here and you'd just be able to refund the account by clicking refund and it would populate here on the transactions tab.
Tasvir: Got you. And that can also be done for ACH as well.
Jacob Greenberg: Yes.
Tasvir: Okay, beautiful. And Jacob, for the ach, you said that there's no fee to transact.
Jacob Greenberg: That is correct.
Tasvir: For the customer and not for the business as well. There's no fee for transaction.
Jacob Greenberg: That's correct.
Tasvir: Okay, beautiful. Beautiful. Well, I think that pretty much covers everything that I needed to know. This is a very interesting system. So how do we go from there? From here? Basically.
Jacob Greenberg: So from here what you'll do is you're going to sign in and create an account with nickel. There will be. When you go through, it's going to ask if you are accounting firm or a business. Just select Business and then let me know. Give me the notification once you've created your account so that I could get our development team to upgrade you guys to an accounting system. Essentially that just means that you could add different offices if you would like so and go ahead and sign up today. Use the Nickel plus platform where you can upgrade after you sign up with Nickel Core at any time, then send me a message requesting that we update it so that you could add your customer accounts or your other office accounts and we'll do that.
Tasvir: And as far as the approval process, what documentation do you require?
Jacob Greenberg: Yep. So essentially you just connect your bank account and then once you do that you're going to be able to start transacting and we'll be we'll send you an onboarding packet to update some basic business information. So it's going to confirm your ein. I don't have the full list of stuff, but it's just very foundational basic business info. You need to complete that information and then you will be approved to process.
Tasvir: Okay, beautiful. So we sign up with Core select business and then we can upgrade. Once the system is ready we can upgrade it to plus provide you a payment method for the monthly fee. And then once that is done, you send me the foundational information for onboarding process with all the documentation that I can provide provide you. And then. And then we can I guess we can start processing. What's the turnaround rate for approval? How long does that take?
Jacob Greenberg: It's usually a day or two days there.
Tasvir: Two days. Okay, beautiful. No problem. I'll get that taken care of. If you can please provide me the link. I have another business once that is my timeshare exit business. That's a completely different service that we provide. But for now let's do go with the travel club system. Once this is ready, I will provide you the other business as well too. If it's perfectly works good, I can bring my other operation too as well. That is strictly for that we do with what you call it financing and ach transaction for that. So once this is ready I'll bring.
Jacob Greenberg: That next steps here is go ahead and there really isn't a link that I could send you other than get nickel.com go to our website, go ahead and click get started and then you'll just be able to create your account from there. Let me know once you've created your account and linked your bank account so that I can let our development team know that you're looking to get going very quickly. Make sure that it's a priority to get you guys through the system and make sure that we could support you when you start to transact. And I'll also once you send me that email letting me know that you've created the account, I'll let them know that you want to have the master account so that you can add other, other company locations.
Tasvir: Beautiful. So okay, I'm at get nickel so it's get started and then we'll, we'll go ahead and select that. Okay, beautiful.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, keep me in the loop. Let me know once you created the account and I'll do everything.
Tasvir: Beautiful. So I can contact you via email the email that you sent, correct?
Jacob Greenberg: That is correct.
Tasvir: Yep. Beautiful. I will be in touch. Jacob, thank you very much for your time. I truly appreciate it and we'll get this going.
Jacob Greenberg: Sounds good. All right, talk to you soon.
Tasvir: Thank you. Bye. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4108852.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195539Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
