---
title: Daniel Goodwin and Jacob Greenberg
date: '2025-08-14'
time: '16:00:09'
duration_sec: 1954.41
duration_min: 32.6
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- null <jonathan@crazycandyfun.com>
- Daniel Goodwin <daniel@crazycandyfun.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 158
---

Jacob Greenberg: Hey, Daniel, can you hear me? Yeah.
Daniel Goodwin: How about can you hear us?
Jacob Greenberg: I can hear you a bit. There you go. Okay.
Daniel Goodwin: Is that any better?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, that's a little bit better. Okay, great.
Daniel Goodwin: So I'm Daniel. This is Jonathan who works on my accounting team.
Jacob Greenberg: Hey, John. Hey, Daniel. How's your day going? Going well.
Daniel Goodwin: How about for yourself?
Jacob Greenberg: So far, so good. Off to a good start. So yeah, I saw that you guys came in actually through like the live chat on our website. But before we kick it off, I see we have half an hour here. Does that still work for you guys? Yep. Awesome. Yeah, as far as purpose goes, just would love to learn a little bit more about your business, a little bit about how you came across Nickel, and what search you guys are currently doing in order to find some solutions, then I'm happy to share a little bit more. And if it makes sense, pop into a demo and walk through everything. Cool.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah. So basically here's a story. So we work for a candy company, Anderson's Crazy Candies, it's freeze-dried candy and we're launching all sorts of new products, cookies and other stuff. But most of our customers, so the business is like three, four years old. I've been here about a year. Most of our customers have been kind of, what's the word? More sophisticated, right? They have terms, they'll pay by ACH when it's time, we just send them our bank information. What's happened is our customer base is kind of shifting. We're onboarding a lot more kind of prepaid customers or people who want us to pull an ACH, right? Or us to run a credit card. So what we're looking for is a solution, you know, QuickBooks has We want to be able to pass along the fee for the payment processing. QuickBooks has some solutions. That's what we use for accounting. It's fantastic and it just creates kind of like a problem process for us. So we're looking for payment processors where we can get ACH details, we can get credit card details and then run it and not have like, I think QuickBooks has a three and a half percent fee, but it's just It's just not great. So we were looking for like a payment processor that can integrate with QuickBooks and we can put in those ACH details, we can pull credit cards is kind of the idea.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. That makes complete sense. So right now you guys are using QuickBooks Pay to do the ACH processing or are you doing a different platform for ACH?
Daniel Goodwin: Well, we've only done like two or three of these. Things. And so, yeah, we have been using just what QuickBooks offers.
Jacob Greenberg: That's, yeah.
Daniel Goodwin: But we haven't done very many. It's not like we have like a solid process for this. So that's why we're exploring options.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. Can you walk me through like at to date when you guys do payments with your more sophisticated customers that have net terms and stuff like that, and they're requesting to make the payment? is there one unified way where you're accepting the payment and then like what's the process afterwards for accounting?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, so I guess I would say there's two ways. So for like our bigger customers, like let's say Target, targets one of our customers, they have a portal, we just input our bank information there and they just deposit it directly, right? Super big customer, super automated, no big deal. The other people is like we just have sent them our bank details, they'll just manually do ACHs to us, but they're pushing from their end, right? And then so obviously we received the funds, we'd receive remittance and then we're just tying those to the open invoices to close them out.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Okay, gotcha. So the reconciliation process for the majority of these transactions are going into the bank, making sure everything looks good, then updating within QuickBooks.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Yep. Got it. All right, cool. Yeah, so yeah, QuickBooks does have a fee for ACH and they are increasing it by the end of this year. So it's a good time to start to evaluate another tool. Nickel does do direct integrations with QuickBooks. So it's a two-way sync. So anything that you guys do within QuickBooks can populate within Nickel and vice versa. So on all your transactions, it'll automatically reconcile for you guys. And there's some other methods that you're you could following use inside each the transaction. tool to make sure I'll that walk you through each of these guys. As far as our solution, it's free to get started on a core account. I'll show you what that looks like. We also have a plus account that's just $35 a month. Main difference is it's one day faster turnaround times. And the second component is it's unlimited transaction sizes. So you have with our core account, free unlimited amount of ACH transfers on the Plus account, $35 a month. You can do transactions of $25,000 and up uncapped. And a difference between the way we're processing this with your bank account and QuickBooks will be QuickBooks. Well, I'm not sure if you've experienced this and you, I know you said you have only done a couple QuickBooks pay options, but it will occasionally on sizable transactions batch those transactions to your bank. So they might come in as like one invoice has four or five different settlements in your bank. We're one to one. So it will not only will automatically update the QuickBooks, but that one transaction is gonna settle in your bank one time. So it's easier to reconcile. Cool. You guys tip, what's the average transaction size if you guys have one?
Daniel Goodwin: So like our previous customers are quite a bit larger than what I anticipate for these kind of new batch of customers. You know, we're talking maybe 50 to 100,000 per transaction. These new guys are gonna be like five to ten thousand.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Daniel Goodwin: We're anticipating more and more, like hopefully like 20 to 30 of these customers on boarded that are gonna pay this way. So yeah, that's why we're here. We're like, we need a better solution than what we have.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And how frequently is this a bi-weekly thing or bi-annual?
Daniel Goodwin: Probably these new customers, and again, I don't have all the data because they're just barely starting up, but My guess is that these customers will order like once a month or maybe twice a month, but yeah, spread over like, you know, you know, two dozen customers, they would be happening, you know, once a month.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So seems like it would make sense for you guys. Nickel seems to be built pretty much for your exact use case. So I'm just going to hop into the demo and show you the environment. Is there any specific functionality that you want to make sure I cover before I get into it that's not QuickBooks integration or just the AR API? East side.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, well, let me, let me just lay out what, what the order process would look like, at least what it's building out to be. Obviously, this could evolve as we get more efficient and think through more problems. But so we have an ERP called Fishbowl that integrates with QuickBooks. And so what, what the first two orders have been is we, we put their order in this, into Fishbowl to, like, consume inventory and, you know, do their order processing.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
Daniel Goodwin: Then once I see the total in Fishbowl before we ship it out, I used QuickBooks to pull, right, to process the payment. So then that payment sat in there as a credit attached to no invoice. Then once we shipped it, like the next day, let's say, the invoice came into QuickBooks and I was able to put those together. It's a crappy process. Moving forward, the hope is that Nickel or whoever we find to be the best fit would either have a way to put the estimate in there or upfront and then they can pay it or we can put in the details and pay it either way. And then as the invoice comes across from our ERP into QuickBooks, it's a bit of a mess. It's a bit of a piecemeal mess.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha.
Daniel Goodwin: We're leveling up. But yeah, so I guess I'd love to see just kind of how it would look as far as like sending out an invoice to be paid and or paying it on our end through their information, stuff like that.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, I got it. So just to recap from my understanding, make sure we're all on the same page. You're using Fishbowl as your ERP. It does integrate into QuickBooks. You're generating the orders within Fishbowl and then you're pushing that into QuickBooks, sending out the payments and then having to assign it back into Fishbowl to make.
Daniel Goodwin: Sure that is resolved. We don't have to send it back to Fishbowl, but like we do have to, once that order or that invoice actually comes from Fishbowl, then we apply the payment. Gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Yeah. And then an ideal system for you guys, is there a specific outcome you're looking for?
Daniel Goodwin: Should I? Um, probably just like lower fees and more straightforward, like capturing of cards. Like, last thing I want to run into is, is like, not having proper authorization to run the card or something, then accidentally doing it. And then they're like, well, we didn't actually agree to that. So like, having a good onboarding process for a customer to say like, Hey, we've captured all of like, we've gotten your approval. Like we know that we we were supposed to run the card, right? You can't take it back. That sort of thing would be something that I would definitely look forward to be getting their details securely and approval from them.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. Let me walk you through the platform then. Because everything's going to be syncing to QuickBooks, it'll be the source of truth for you guys. So when you push it into QuickBooks, you could just create or process the invoice from Nickel, if there is an invoice format, because I'm not super familiar with Fishbowl, so I might be missing some details. But if there is an invoice format that's getting pushed over into QuickBooks, you can have that data sync into Nickel, so it's pre-populated. But frankly, probably the cleanest way would be essentially viewing Nickel as your tool for these transactions, generating the transaction level invoice, in nickel. And what I'll show you is you can attach like any invoice format that you're creating before. So if you have like line items on an invoice, for example, as a PDF, you could attach that on the transaction level so that it's easier to monitor. So let me just pull this up for you. Can you guys see my screen? Yep. Great. This is actually the accounting account. Give me one sec. Here we go. I'll just give you guys a quick walkthrough. Before I hop into the left hand navigation menu, I'm just going to quickly pop into settings and show you once you guys get set up, go straight to the integrations page under settings and just click link quick books. this will push all of the data that you've already captured for your customers into QuickBooks retroactive history for transactions. You have some customizability on what to import and what do you decide to. Put into the system. Okay. That's where you would go to get started. You'll see as I kind of move through some of these transactions, some will be tagged with a QuickBooks logo next to it. Those are ones that were pulled from QuickBooks, so you can identify the sync. this is a transaction Okay. tab. So this is just kind of an overview of all the transactions that you've done within the account. You'll be able to see information like date, what account you're using if you have different bank accounts for different purposes, if it's coming or going, where it's sent to, and you can update. Do you guys use invoice numbers or do you use like sentences and projects.
Daniel Goodwin: For the invoice numbers?
Jacob Greenberg: So you'd fill this out with invoice numbers here for the purpose. and then they'll show you the status of them as well. These will automatically sync with QuickBooks once it's integrated. But after you go through your transactions, you click here and just click reconciled and it will mark it as having been reconciled. So if you're doing an accounting review and want to go through transactions, make sure everything looks good, you could also just flag it. So you could see through your receivables, payables, and you could filter by You know, some people use purpose. You could use invoice number, transaction ID, customer name, or specific date. Pretty basic. If you do want to export and import transactions to and from a different system other than QuickBooks, you can use a CSV download for all of the transactions. Just makes it a little easier to navigate. This would be a sample one. I'm just going to jump into it to show you what it would look like looking at a previously made payment, and then I'll show you how to create one as well, which will explain the process a little bit more. Here you'll see basic information about where it was sent to and from, any notes about that transaction, and the purpose of the transaction. Pretty straightforward, and you have reference numbers as well.
Daniel Goodwin: So let me ask a question on this transaction screen. How would the software handle doing a half and half, like half payment collected in nickel and half they don't have to worry about because we're collecting outside of nickel?
Jacob Greenberg: In that instance, what you would do, that's a great question and I'll walk you through to get to that point to demonstrate what it looks like, I have to create the whole invoice anyway. I'll walk you through the process and I'll make sure to highlight that when we get there. You'll see quickly on the left-hand side, you'll see the Get Paid and Bill Pay, so AR and AP. Underneath Get Paid, you have invoices and customers. These customers, if you have their information already in QuickBooks, it will update and push. When you send out a new request, you can do it from the customer level or from the invoice level. Let's see, I'll just do a test for myself. So you just create one and then when you go in there, you can add the payment authorization. Sorry, skip that step. So this is what you're talking about one step ago about getting customer information.
Daniel Goodwin: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So if you have it already, it can auto push from QuickBooks. You can manually enter it as well. Or you could send the request to the customer to enter it. You could request to debit the customer's account on full permission or limited permission. So if you want to be able to auto withdraw without sending them the request for payment, you would click full permission. Okay. Limited permission would be customizing the maximum transaction amount, expiration date, et cetera. Got it. I'll send a request for full permission. And give me one second here, I'll pull up the email. So I'll get an email. This will have your company information and your branded logo on it. It'll say you want to save your payment method on file. So this would be for first time onboarding, getting that permissions that you were talking about. Once this is done, and it doesn't have to happen on transaction to transaction level, but once it's done, it won't happen on transaction to transaction level. It's a very quick screen, says, what is this authorization for? Who's Nickel? How do we protect information? So one benefit of Nickel, and it's one reason why users actually transition to us, is instead of having to be responsible for PCI compliance and data compliance for preserving the security of their customers' banking information. It's stashed in Nickel securely, and you guys just have access to it. So once they update and fill out this information, you guys don't need to store or even view it. It's just logged as this is their bank info, their preferred method of banking. Cool. So a couple pieces of information. You check these dots to opt in, and then you authorize. by entering your card or your bank info. And then any future transaction you guys can automatically pull. Got it. So that's that security screen that you were looking. Does this solve that security component?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, yeah, I do like that.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. And again, so this is the logo we made for our demo environment, but you'd add any logo in your branding as well. Cool. On the payment side for them to be able to customize the payments, let me create and AR requests, and I'll send out an invoice, and then I can walk you through that. One other thing that I'll just highlight here is we do have this payments portal. Some customers find this useful. So again, your logo and branding, they'll just embed this as a button on their website if someone needs to make a payment directly. So it's more of a generic thing. It's not going to be tied to a specific invoice, but it's an easy payment portal for people to access. Okay. Oops.
Daniel Goodwin: Hold on.
Jacob Greenberg: I just closed my whole screen. Sorry about that, guys.
Daniel Goodwin: No worries.
Jacob Greenberg: All right. We'll pop back into the creating an invoice section. So click create new invoice. You guys can set recurring, do you guys do recurring invoices?
Daniel Goodwin: Not really, no.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Do you do recurring payments? No. Okay. So we come in and we create a new invoice. If this is already a customer, if they've walked through the process that you sent them previously, once you find their name, it will populate the rest of the information. information for you. I'm going to enter it as if I'm entering an invoice for a completely new customer. Perhaps it's a one-off enter the invoice. Number. The invoice amount, and then if you guys do have net terms and a payment date that they need to be able to pay by, you'll set that invoice date and the due date as well. Put any notes for the customer so this is for X, Y, and Z, whatever you want to do there. And then you can upload any documents into the transaction. So if you do have contracts with them, if you have aligned invoice with them, if you have net terms contracts with them, you can upload it on the transaction level itself. And if you want to hop into that advanced section right here, you can enable or disable credit cards. Most people keep it enabled because it just provides the option for people to pay. We found that there's like a 17% increase in people in Nickel users customers opting to pay for credit card from the credit card rates that they specifically were accepting previously, just because it's a cash flow advantage for most people. And a lot of people have like cash back cards that cover the cost anyway.
Daniel Goodwin: And the customer would pay the fee, right? Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: So you could customize that. We have some vendors or distributors that have really big corporate clients and they have specific contracts that have asked to pay with credit card for the cash flow advantage and they will eat some of that percentage and their vendor will pay some of it as well. But most people just keep the 100% for the customer because you're providing the option for them to pay with credit card with fees or for ACH for free. Okay. And then this would be the tab that was referring to being able to, you're enabling the customer to edit the payment amount. So we're going to activate all of these and create, and I'll show you what that looks like. I'm going to send the link to myself so I show you what it looks like receiving one of these requests for your email, but it's also a link that you can copy and you can, you know, send in whatever fashion you want to send. So if you want to have custom emails or outreach, you can just send that link to them. This is what the portal will be like. Any of the notes will be here. All of the documents associated with this individual transaction will be here. The opportunity to pay by card or by bank is listed on the right and will automatically calculate the fee for the card into it so that, you know, sometimes customers will add that into the invoice earlier on and then it creates some accounting issues. We'll handle that for you so it's evened out. Here, the payment amount is flexible. So your customer can pop in here and say, Let's pay half of this now this way, and I want to pay it by card. And then I'll send a check or however they want to do the other half of it. So you can have that enabled for the customer to choose if they want to pay incrementally, if they want to pay part by card, part by bank, so on and so forth. And if they've already uploaded their information, if they've agreed with you guys, this will auto populate and then they just click pay. Cool. Pretty straightforward. Yep. Do you have any questions on this page or about the transcript?
Daniel Goodwin: No, yeah, that's great.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. Yep, rest is pretty straightforward as well. On the invoice page, you can see which have been completed. what are scheduled, if you've archived any, and you can see the status of them. So if they're been paid and settled or if they're still active and out there. And if they're still active, you can go ahead and remind them to request a payment. Okay. Just with one click. And then all of your transaction history will be embedded on these line item levels. You can send reminders, see the reminder history, and get an overview of the transaction itself. You also, if you wanted to, you can enable phone numbers and send links via SMS. Okay. Very cool.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: So the accounts receivable side is really straightforward. Accounts payable here we'll see some of the QuickBooks icons that you guys will see once you sync your QuickBooks account. And you just get to manage any of your bills. Are you guys doing AP mostly in ACH as well, or do you also do credit cards? Credit card AP.
Daniel Goodwin: A tiny bit of credit card AP. It's mostly just ACHs and wires for our AP.
Jacob Greenberg: Are you doing that out of QuickBooks or are you just doing that? How are you processing those?
Daniel Goodwin: We usually send them just from our bank and then manually mark as paid in QuickBooks.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. So this could be an option as well for ACH. It's just a unified environment automatically syncing with QuickBooks. It'll be as free and as fast as doing bank to bank for ACH. Cool. Yep. So yeah, it's about control visibility. It's about time to settle if you're doing any checks and transitioning people to ACH and customer experience.
Daniel Goodwin: Right. So you do checks as well in the bill pay. So like if we.
Jacob Greenberg: So yeah, we have an option to. you could fill out a new bill and you can opt to pay by check and we'll send the check on your behalf if you wanted to actually have a physical check sent. It costs $2 at the moment to send the checks though. We do have an e-check feature that we're working on because a lot of our customers are in like contracting or construction and they're very check heavy businesses with old school clientele. And even though ACH is pretty much the exact same thing as check, they still want a physical check. So we'll have, we're coming out with the tool to just take the photo of a check and it'll auto deposit into your bank account. Cool. Yeah. Do you guys do a good amount of checks or is that more of a reason?
Daniel Goodwin: No, we don't have a ton of AP transactions. Yeah, it's not crazy.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Okay, cool. So this is the basic platform on the bill pay side. Again, you could see you have a little bit more control here as far.
Daniel Goodwin: As.
Jacob Greenberg: Like managerial configurations so that you can have approval and denials based on, you know, if your accounting team needs that final approval before a payment was sent of a certain size or however you can assign approvals to different individuals in your organization so that Everyone has visibility and make sure they're aligned before they get sent out for AP. That's an optional thing. It's not mandatory. You can go through any of the requests and you can set up custom workflows for these. So if the payment is over a certain size, X person that you enter in here would need to approve it. Cool. Besides that, it's pretty straightforward. We tried to take something that is kind of a discombobulated process and make it just like hyper, hyper easy. and really clean.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, yeah, that looks great.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. What are your thoughts on this solution fitting for you guys?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, I obviously it has everything I want, but I'm worried that it has. So I'm worried about the duplication. So when I talk through like Fishbowl sends invoices and then QuickBooks sends invoices and then this would also send invoices. So I'm worried about the overlaps that we have in our software already. But I mean that obviously wouldn't be the purpose that we would use it for. But.
Jacob Greenberg: So you'd be concerned about creating a new invoice in nickel because an invoice is already existing in QuickBooks because it came from your ERP.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, got it. And.
Daniel Goodwin: The price, even if we're paying like the 35 bucks a month or whatever, isn't a problem at all, right? So like, it just would be trying to figure out the best system to be, and maybe it's just a total rethink of how we process these orders differently and if it's worth it. So we just have some things to think about after reviewing the software.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. What other solutions are you reviewing right now? So.
Daniel Goodwin: Well. When I said that, I mostly meant like internally just like sorting out like our process, but we have a call with Melio later just to see their, I don't know, I slapped the question in Grok of who's that solution and you guys were top of the list and then they spit out like three or four others, but So we try to see what's out there, but it may require just like an internal process change in general.
Jacob Greenberg: So this is what I would say. Couple points. Firstly, Melio, like most of our customers, come to us after leaving Melio or BillPay. Then just the rates are continuing going up. I think Melio was also recently acquired and they're transitioning their entire solution and a lot of people are getting booted from it. So I think that's been a big reason for the influx. They do lost a good amount for ACH. However, as far as the duplication process, we're a pretty young company. We've been around for about four years now, and we have a really flexible development team. So what I would recommend, since it is free to get started, don't sign up for the $35 a month plan yet, and let's do some test transactions just to make sure that it's syncing the way we want it to be syncing with QuickBooks. and we can do that together on a meeting or you guys can have one or two and then we can meet again, evaluate the way in which it's working and see it might work off the bat for you guys. It might not be creating duplicates. If it does, it's something that we would want to be able to figure out so we could provide a solution to other Fishbowl users. So it's something we'd be willing to work on together with you guys to crack that code and make sure that it's working for you. If that is the big bottleneck for you guys moving forward with Nickel, that'd be a learning experience for us as well and it help us improve our tools. So we'd love to partner on that with you if that is the big stopper for moving forward.
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, I mean definitely it's not like a nightmare because obviously your software provides everything we'd hope for the process, like the scope we outlined in the beginning. it's just is is that even the best direction to go it's kind of it's kind of like the wing right is like or should we just change the process like the whole process either way we would need something like this to capture to get approvals to. Run. Payments and the fees but like I think QuickBooks fee is 3.5 so in yours it's 2.99 and QuickBooks doesn't have a way to push that fee directly the customer you have to manually update the invoice to to include the credit card processing fee. So all sorts of, you know, this definitely is a better solution than we have right now. But, yeah, we'll just need a couple days to sort out, like really outlay now that we've reviewed this, what the best process is.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. It seems like you guys actually have a couple options too. So if you do continue to do the method you're using right now with Fishbowl, the invoices are coming in a QuickBooks and then you're going to a different provider to be able to process payments. That might work off the bat with Nickel. Give it a test drive. If there are duplicates and if it is a big lift for you guys to have those duplicates, let's work together to resolve that. I'm sure we could do it in a day or two, honestly. Otherwise, it might also make sense to transition to creating invoices from the different solution generating maybe like the PDF version or the attachment version of an invoice that you might want to share with the customer in an ERP solution, attaching that, but generating the invoice via a transaction in a payment related solution, pushing that to the ERP and using and pushing it to QuickBooks and using the ERP for other planning and other management systems instead of the generating of the invoices itself. So Yeah, we're more than happy to work with you through that. And yeah, just be aware of ACH fees as well as credit card fees as you move forward. Okay, wonderful.
Daniel Goodwin: I appreciate your time.
Jacob Greenberg: Of course.
Daniel Goodwin: For walking us through that. And yeah, definitely we'll be in touch in the next couple of days as we review this process.
Jacob Greenberg: Sounds good. Seems like you guys are in the middle of doing a large review of everything, but it also seems like we'd be a good fit. So I want to give you guys some time to review. Would you be cool putting a tentative sync on for next week on Thursday, maybe around the same time?
Daniel Goodwin: Yeah, yeah, we could just run it back next week. That'd be fine.
Jacob Greenberg: Awesome. All right, great. I'll send out that invite. I'll send it out now, same time next week. And if in the meantime you guys have any questions or anything comes up, please don't hesitate to reach out. You'll have my email address as well.
Daniel Goodwin: Okay, wonderful. Thank you so much. Awesome, guys.
Jacob Greenberg: Have a great rest of your day. You too. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_3321268.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195608Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
