---
title: Nickel Demo Request - Keith Shackleford
date: '2025-09-29'
time: '18:30:57'
duration_sec: 1843.52
duration_min: 30.7
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Keith Shackleford <thebestcoasttn@gmail.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 160
---

Keith Shackleford: It. Hello?
Jacob Greenberg: Hey, Keith, can you hear me? Okay?
Keith Shackleford: I can. How you doing, man?
Jacob Greenberg: Good. How are you doing today?
Keith Shackleford: I'm surviving.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, I hear that.
Keith Shackleford: Well, I'll make this probably a pretty easy call for you. I have two companies. One, they both are using QuickBooks in some version or another. Honestly just realized that QuickBooks was charging a 1% ACHV when I started using them. It was just $10 an invoice and it was no, no problem. I'm doing. I'm only handling probably 15 or 20 invoices through quick Bucks a month. A lot of customers pay through. But through those 15 to 20 invoices, you know, I'm sending out 30, 40 grand a month.
Jacob Greenberg: Is this per company or is this across? Both.
Keith Shackleford: I'm just talking about one company. The other company does a million dollars in gross, but we do. I'm actually purchasing the company and closing on it this week. And I'm just learning about some of the things they're using. And I know they're using Melio, which I believe is a competitor. So I've got to learn a little bit about that. And I don'. How much is going through me, Leo, and how much is going through QuickBooks and how much is. Is just credit card processing and all that other stuff. So what I have immediate need for is my smaller company that's, you know, only invoicing through ACH, probably 30 to 40 grand a month. Cool.
Jacob Greenberg: What are the companies called and what do they do?
Keith Shackleford: One's called Music City, bnb and it's a short term. It's a property management company. The company that I am purchasing is a maintenance company for short term rentals and it's called Men 24 7.
Jacob Greenberg: It's a maintenance company for short term rentals.
Keith Shackleford: Mm, okay, cool.
Jacob Greenberg: So as far as the types of transactions are currently doing with the property management company, I know you said it's 30 to 40,000amonth in and that's entirely an ACH, or is that like ACH, credit card check?
Keith Shackleford: No. So like I said, half my property owners, their accountants just wire me whatever, 15, 20 grand, whatever it is a month. It just comes right in my account. There's no transaction through ACH, QuickBooks or anything as you just. He just wires it. I've got 15 or 20 other clients. I send them an invoice through QuickBooks and give them the option only for ACH. I don't accept credit cards or anything like that.
Jacob Greenberg: And you don't accept credit cards just because it costs money to do that.
Keith Shackleford: Correct. Okay, cool.
Jacob Greenberg: And so you're using Melio for Men247 and you're using QuickBooks Pay for Music City BNB.
Keith Shackleford: Correct. It's Min. 247. Min M I N M E N D. Men, like fixing something.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I thought Men 247 sounded a little funny for a main school, but.
Keith Shackleford: I guess men M E N D is another word for fixing.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, no, that makes more sense.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, so let me see. I'm gonna get my demo environment generated to show you real quick. One second here.
Keith Shackleford: I apologize if there's noise in the background. I'm doing errands, trying to multitask.
Jacob Greenberg: I actually don't hear them at all, so.
Keith Shackleford: Okay, good.
Jacob Greenberg: Do you know what you're currently paying for Melio? I know they have a bunch of different plans and the rates are different.
Keith Shackleford: I don't know. I don't know what he pays. He. He basically. And we'll know more the end of this week, beginning of next, but he pays his 1099, like maintenance workers through it.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Keith Shackleford: And he's only got five or six maintenance workers, so my guess is he's just paying out, you know, five or six different people through ach.
Jacob Greenberg: He's using it for pay for paying, not for receiving or for both.
Keith Shackleford: As far as I know, it's just for paying. Again, I will know more later, but I think he gets. I think he does credit card receipts for his. Like, property managers keep a credit card on file as far as I know. And whenever they do a job, he charges their credit card. But he pays his people that work for him through Melio.
Jacob Greenberg: Great. This. That was actually really helpful information. So I'm sorry if it's annoying if I'm asking more questions, but I don't care.
Keith Shackleford: I just wish I had better information for you. Like I said, we just don't know.
Jacob Greenberg: I mean, this is good for us for today. So, you know, typically we spend the first 10 minutes of these calls getting to know you a little bit better and the process that you guys are experiencing. So I could build a demo out for you that's custom to that. So over the next 10, 13 minutes, I'll show you inside nickel a couple different features that are going to be custom for what you guys are doing currently with Music City, which you will be doing with Mend. Last 10 minutes, we could talk what next steps might be if you think it's going to be a fit how integrations and all that support goes.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: Populated, but I'm happy That you let me know that he's accepting credit cards and receipts and then he does the auto charging for accounts receivable, something we can support. And it's actually a really, really smooth process within nickel. So I'm going to make sure to show that to you as well as just general invoice creation. I know right now you're doing QuickBooks Pay, so you're creating. Are you responsible or do you have someone else working to create the invoices and send them out from QuickBooks?
Keith Shackleford: I create the invoices, it says. My accountant just sees it and does all my bookkeeping. But I do the invoicing through QuickBooks.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, fantastic. So here, let me show you this real quick. Can you see my screen here, Keith?
Keith Shackleford: I can, yeah. Awesome.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, great. So this is within the nickel platform. There's a really brief and easy to manage navigation window here. So you have the summary, which is like just highlight of recent transactions, the transactions tab, which is going to be an overview of all of your transactions. Now this is a little bit easier to navigate through than QuickBooks. So we have some people that really just use nickel to manage their cash flow. Sending out the invoices, receiving the payments, doing it for less. We also have people that just kind of live out of it a little bit more to have a better understanding of what's going on cash flow wise in the business. And then QuickBooks really just becomes the accounting source of truth.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, that's probably where I'll end up being because I'll still have to have QuickBooks mainly for what my accountant needs it for. Obviously they're crazy about QuickBooks and P Ls and accounting and all that stuff. I can't stand. It's a little too complicated for me.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, no, I get it. So let me show you something real quick here. So I have two different environments here. I use this one just because it has more information. This one will show you what it looks like once you sync with QuickBooks. So everything that's synced with QuickBooks will have the icon next to it and you can actually create an invoice from within here if you'd like to. And this will pull all the specific items that are customized to your QuickBooks so that you can build out an invoice the exact same way you would in QuickBooks if you wanted to.
Keith Shackleford: You can do it either way and it syncs seamlessly.
Jacob Greenberg: Exactly. So the first thing I just want to pull up here really quick is once you create your nickel account, which you can do today for free. And I'll walk you through the difference between the free plan and the plus plan. But you know, after this call, you could literally log in, create an account, sync your bank account, then go straight into this integrations tab here. Once you click link, QuickBooks account. Depending on how much data you have in your QuickBooks, the first time you click this button is going to be the only time you need to come in and do it, but it'll take about five to six minutes depending on how much information. It might be a little bit quicker for the initial sync to happen, but once the initial sync happens, every single thing you do within QuickBooks will automatically push into Nickel and vice versa.
Keith Shackleford: So what kind of information do I need from QuickBooks? Just my login.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep.
Keith Shackleford: Got it. Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: So I could do this.
Keith Shackleford: I don't even have to get my accountant to do it.
Jacob Greenberg: Nope. Yeah, you can do it. It's really simple setup. You'll come into the transactions tab or coming to invoices, I mean over here. And all of your transactions or invoices that you generated from within QuickBooks will auto populate here. So if you still create your invoices from within QuickBooks, you can keep doing that same process, then just come into Nickel to send them out. Alternatively, you could just create them within Nickel, send them from Nickel and they'll get pushed back into QuickBooks. Okay, so like one less step would be just doing it from within Nickel, but it's not really a big step. Before I show you the invoices themselves, this is just like a little Easter egg that works for some businesses, doesn't work for others, is worth showing. Once you create your account with nickel, whether it's the Nickel core account which is free, or nickel plus which is 35amonth, you'll have access to this payment portal here. So it will say, you know, in my demo environment, the company we are using is called Degrad Distribution. So this domain would say, you know, musiccitybnb.nickelpayments.com and you'll pop into the account settings here, update your logo and your branding and this page will be branded to be your business. You'll have a button here to return to your website. So essentially I'll just put like a payments tab right here and it will go to this portal and it'll say Music City, BNB or Men24.7 and you could customize these fields. So if people want to just go on your website and make a payment, they can via ACH for free or via credit card for 2.9%. So the whole purpose of Nickel is to be able to provide your customers with the options to make payments. However they prefer to make payments without it affecting your business's bottom line or the settlement times on the transaction. So we really optimize for the customer experience and for the business experience. And I'll show you what that looks like once we send one of these out. So if you do create an invoice from within Nickel, do you guys ever do recurring invoices or is it always one time invoices, one time?
Keith Shackleford: Usually we do have some customers on the men's side that have a recurring subscription, so. But it's not the core of their business.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. If you do have those recurring customers, you'll be able to just manage them very easily from here. We have a ton here. You probably have not as many, but you could see all of the recurring customers that exist. And if you create a new invoice, we'd come in here. I'll create Keith Demo as our customer name. Put in my email address. Now I'm showing you what it looks like to create an invoice within Nickel. But again, if you created it within QuickBooks, it will automatically populate here. So you'll automatically have your QuickBooks number, invoice number and the amount.
Keith Shackleford: And I can set it to where I turn. I don't allow them to actually pay me in QuickBooks so that I avoid that fee, right?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, exactly. So I'll show you what that looks like. Right now I know you're doing about 30, 40k a month in ACH. What is the typical size of your individual invoices?
Keith Shackleford: It could be as low as a thousand, as much as like 4,500. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: So nickel plus is really for customers that want one day faster settlement times, but typically also do transactions above $25,000 per transaction. So you should be able to get away with doing Nickel Core, which is a free solution to sign up for if you need to do larger transactions. You can upgrade on your own for 35 bucks a month.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, I've never done one over five grand. It's just the amount. ACHS is what I got to pay attention to.
Jacob Greenberg: So the other features that are, and I know I'm bopping around right now, but it's pretty quick to cover with Nickel plus you can schedule payments in advance and you can set the recurring payments. So these aren't really features that are available on Nickel Core. You also get a one day faster turnaround time for ACH and credit card. So it's turnaround time on plus, where it's three day turnaround time on Core for ach. In this invoice you can put any notes for the customer. You could upload any documents that you want, including, you know, if you have net.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Do you guys have typical Net terms or is it always.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, it's net 10. And then we attach the like. Usually there's copies of like an invoice that we will attach that's either usually a PDF from our property management software that lays out the income, expenses, etc.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. So if you create the if you do sync QuickBooks, this upload documents will automatically upload your line item invoice generated from your QuickBooks invoice. It'll automatically attach it, but you're also able to upload whatever else you need to. So you could add the income expenses PDF, you could add photos of the property or of the rental itself if you need to. Whatever it is, NET terms, agreements, you're allowed to upload all of those things. So all of that information is consolidated in an easily accessible portal by both you and the person making the payment. Just for some customers and some businesses, that's like a huge, huge unlock for their efficiency. For some people it doesn't matter as much. And then on the advanced tab here you're able to enable the customer to edit the payment amount. So what this means is that if they need to pay partially, if they want to pay a deposit, they could do so. Or if they want to pay half by credit card and half by ach, they're they're able to do that on their own. So I click Create to create the invoice and I have two methods here. I could charge the payment method on file if I currently have it. So if men 247 has payment method on file for customers already that they're still charging, they sync with their QuickBooks and it will automatically push through and you can just charge that customer.
Keith Shackleford: Now can you charge through their ACH bank account stuff or is that only for credit cards?
Jacob Greenberg: It's for either. Okay, you come in here and you would add either the card information or you'd add the bank account information. And if you do this, you will need an authorization document. If you don't have one readily available. I'll show you what it looks like to send out a request for that from the customer. Or you could send the individual invoice via email or phone number. So let me show you what this looks like right now. Send myself an email and you'll see the company name here and they'll say you have a payment request. The amount, invoice number, any notes for the customers and any attachments are right there on the email. When I click Pay Now, I'll be able to see all the PDFs associated with it, the total amount of the invoice and I'll have the option to pay by card for free with no fees or to pay by. Or sorry, to pay by bank with no fees or to pay by card with a 2.99 fee.
Keith Shackleford: But that charges them, not me.
Jacob Greenberg: Exactly. Okay, so we find that like 22% of the time customers of Nickel users do prefer to pay in card just because it provides a cash flow advantage for them. Instead of having to pay that amount in 10 days, they have an extended cash flow advantage.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah. And they get the points off the credit card.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. And Most people have 2 to 3% cash back or points already. So. Yeah.
Keith Shackleford: And does that keep their ach like on file, meaning when they click that link it's just like kind of auto populates for them. It's already in there. Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: So we can auto populate here. Or alternatively what you can do is go into customers here and let's see, I'm going to add a payment method on file. Now I could enter it myself or I could request from the customer. So I'm just going to go ahead and request. I'll go into my email here and I'll see that I have a request to say payment information on file gives a quick overview of like what this authorization is for. You know, why does Music City BNB want to process my information? Who is Nickel, Nickel's Sock 2 compliance, PCI compliance, etc. And then I just accept the terms and conditions. I could click the terms and conditions link here to read the full terms and I could just click Next Step sync my bank information using flad. So it's really easy for them just to do one click of a button or enter my card information and then once that is saved, I'll be able to go into this customer and for future invoices, I could just charge them, auto charge them the way that men 24:7 is currently doing it.
Keith Shackleford: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: And you know if you have a bunch of different payments that you need a bunch of different invoices simultaneously, you can pop in here and click unsend invoices to see all of them and just send out the payment request for all of the unsent invoices.
Keith Shackleford: So if I send out a invoice let's just say I decided to keep doing it through QuickBooks. Are they able to pay me an ACH through QuickBooks and then I have to pay that 1% fee? How do I disable payments or can I disable payments through QuickBooks?
Jacob Greenberg: So essentially what you would be doing instead, the most effective way to do this is to send those invoices out through nickel.
Keith Shackleford: Got it. Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: You don't send the invoices through QuickBooks anymore. So you're not enabling them to find a link to pay in QuickBooks and to for you to occur the fees, you just set it out through nickel instead.
Keith Shackleford: Okay, that sounds good. And as far as difference in core and whatever, I thought it said that you only get like 5 ACH payments through the free model and then kind of unlimited through core. Is that one of the big differences besides the one day difference? Nope.
Jacob Greenberg: You have unlimited free ACH for both Nickel Core and Nickel Plus.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah. So really the only reason I would do Nickel plus is if the amount of money.
Jacob Greenberg: Well, there's a couple things. If you want to schedule payments in advance, you'd use Nickel plus if you do plan on doing recurring invoices. So hey, I'm going to be charging this person the same amount of money once a week or once a month, or once a quarter or once a year on a specific cadence that is a Nickel plus feature. If you want to add multiple users beyond three different sign ins for your accounts, that would be a Nickel plus feature. If you want one day faster settlement times. So two days for ACH instead of three or one day for credit card instead of two, you would want to use Nickel Plus. Or if your transactions are over $25,000 per transaction, Google plus would be your best bet.
Keith Shackleford: Okay, so it sounds like I should probably use the free one until I figure it out. There's any of these features I would.
Jacob Greenberg: Actually use if you're going to be the only operator within there. If you don't have multiple different people signing in to have visibility or want to send different management preferences, I think you can absolutely get away with signing up for Nickel core today and starting to do that. Most people, and I'll be completely transparent, unless they have a dire urge to do $25,000 per transaction off the bat, which we have a lot of organizations that do, they'll sign up for Nickel Core just to start get going and as they get a feel for it, they'll see that the cash flow advantage of having their thing settled a day in advance is worth 35 bucks. A month. Especially if you have a high volume.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, yeah. All right, that makes sense. I mean, I'm just used to it with QuickBooks now it's already 30 days.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I mean you're probably gonna experience a bit of a speed up in the settlement time already just by signing up for nickel core. So it's a good place. That's what I advise.
Keith Shackleford: Okay, that sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, no, go for it.
Keith Shackleford: What is like the difference, the main difference between you guys and like Emilio or any of your competitors? I only, I didn't do a ton of research on many people outside of you. Emilio.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. I mean, I could give you a quick breakdown, but there's a couple different angles. I'll tell you from the high level perspective, like we're not going to nickel and dime you to death. It's unlimited free. Ach, that's part of our model. Melio doesn't have the same thing. They're going to either charge you a monthly fee and slowly increase the pricing for ach, or they have high credit card rates and aren't able to do active legal compliance surcharging. So you end up eating some of that as well. They have pretty terrible customer service. We have very good customer service and we're very responsive. But that's just like the high level business model of the companies on a technology level. There's a fundamental difference between the two. Nickel is really built to process business transactions at speed and at scale. So what that means is that you're not going to end up having delays, you're not going to end up having your payments held. Melio. Because they have a much easier process of like essentially Melios trying to capture a lot of traffic from the Internet to sign up really quickly and get going really quick. So they push the security measures later down the road. And what that means for businesses, they could sign up and get going quickly, but most of their transactions are going to get double checked and put on hold for like three or four days at a time or up to a week or two. So that typically does happen with larger transactions. So if you guys are doing under 4k per transaction, you'll probably skate by without noticing that. But it is one reason why more industrial businesses like maybe men 247 might experience that on Melio if they do have larger transaction types. But yeah, a lot of things are held often it's slower processing, it's higher cost and it's poor customer service is pretty much the big ticket items there.
Keith Shackleford: And so how do you guys work? Let's Just say I signed up this week or whatever and started working on it. Are you the account rep or are you the sales guy? What's we sign up? There's an account rep that gets assigned to me.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. If you sign up for an account today with Nickel, you can feel free to reach out to me with any questions you might have. Anything technical, like highly technical, I'm probably going to pass off to the support team, which is really. We have great support response. Most things you could probably figure out on your own here in the Help center. But you could also chat with like our reps live from here for like quick little answers. So you can do that from here. These guys know that this is me in the demo environment, but you can start to communicate. So through the chatbot here you also email supportnickel.com if you guys do upgrade to like nickel plus at any point, we'll connect you with a customer success manager that can help you with onboarding and implementation. So if you have like a long rollout plan for Music city and for men 24 7, they'll have your back with that and they'll set several meetings to make sure that it's successful for you and any customizations are addressed. Besides that, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me at any point throughout the process.
Keith Shackleford: Okay. And you're going to be sending me a copy of this recording so I can access any of it. Right?
Jacob Greenberg: For sure. I could. I would honestly say though that if you are just looking for stuff about how to get going on Nickel, I'd send you this link instead. It's the 10 things you're going to need to know in detail and they're each one minute videos. Like this is going to be your most efficient way to get going instead of listening to me yammer and have to skip through everything.
Keith Shackleford: So you're just going to send me that in an email follow up?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, I could if. Yeah, if you want me to. I'm happy to.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, absolutely. Just send me that link because I'm not in a position to like write it down right now.
Jacob Greenberg: No word. You know what, honestly, if I were you, I would create the account for free. And when you go to Help center, just click on demo videos.
Keith Shackleford: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, it's the easiest way to access it and keep record of it.
Keith Shackleford: I got it. Yeah. Okay, that's super helpful.
Jacob Greenberg: If you do have any other specific questions like don't hesitate to reach out. I just feel like sending you this recording is going to be more homework for you. Not Less.
Keith Shackleford: Okay, sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, you got it.
Keith Shackleford: Awesome, man. Well, I really appreciate it. It sounds like something that I'll probably move forward with my business and then as I get into the purchase of this new business and learn more about it, I'll give you a shout again.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, sounds good. You know, let me make myself available. If you reach out to me, I'll respond right away. Let me put a little reminder on my calendar to check in with you for rolling out the next business and making sure that everything's going okay with your sign up here.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: When do you think would be the best date to do that check in?
Keith Shackleford: I would say give it a couple few weeks. We're basically going to keep everything the same for the first 30, 60 days of this business because we don't want to cause any customer like freak out. But once we get in there for 30 days, we're going to end up starting to do cost savings and analyzing all the softwares and what we can get rid of.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. So the email I have is the best coast TN at Gmail.
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, that's totally fine.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, you said like 3ish weeks from now?
Keith Shackleford: Yeah, something like that.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, cool. I'll send you an invite for new year time on Monday, the 20th of October. Does that sound good?
Keith Shackleford: That sounds fine. Cool. All right. All right, great.
Jacob Greenberg: I'm going to send out that email right now.
Keith Shackleford: Jacob, where are you located at?
Jacob Greenberg: We're on the east coast here in New York City.
Keith Shackleford: Okay, cool.
Jacob Greenberg: It's in Brooklyn.
Keith Shackleford: Yep, Brooklyn. All right, sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, sounds good. All right, awesome talking to you. I'll talk to you soon.
Keith Shackleford: All right, thanks, man. Bye.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4086647.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195616Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
