---
title: Nickel Demo Request - Darren Nye
date: '2025-09-30'
time: '14:01:27'
duration_sec: 3387.66
duration_min: 56.5
participants:
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- sapatel <sapatel@automann.com>
- Darren Nye <dnye@automann.com>
- read.ai meeting notes <null>
- read.ai meeting notes <null>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 162
---

Jacob Greenberg: Man. How can I help you? Hi, I'm calling for Darren and I just to confirm our meeting right now. You're calling for him for a meeting? Yeah, we. We have a Zoom meeting scheduled and I just wanted to make sure he has the correct link to join. All time. Thank you so much. Product assortment including the most trusted name brands in the industry, spanning a wide range of product categories from ride control to body and cabin components and everything in between. We strive to provide quality on. Your call has been answered by a Viya IP office. It's not available. To leave a message, wait for the tone. When finished recording, press pound for more options. Otherwise for assistance, press zero. Now record at the tone. Good morning, Darren, this is Jacob calling from Nickel. I'm just calling to double check that you're able to attend our meeting today and that you have the correct link. I just forwarded you another easy access link in an email. I could hang on for another five minutes here before I'm going to go and we can reschedule. But I'll give you a little bit more time so that you can hop into the Zoom and hope to talk to you soon. Thank you. Light here. Hey, Darren, can you hear me okay? Yep. How's it going today?
Darren Nye: Good, how about you?
Jacob Greenberg: So far so good. I'm happy we can make time to connect. Do we have one other person hopping on?
Darren Nye: He's taking care of his mom, so he won't be on the call.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, no problem. All right, I have, let's see, I have until 1045 on my calendar. Booked out here. Does that work for you?
Darren Nye: Yeah, let me see if I can get Sahil on the call. That might be who I'm invited, but he's not here. Give me a minute.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep.
Darren Nye: Yeah, that was Hill I invited and he's taking care of a problem in the warehouse, so we'll have to do without him.
Jacob Greenberg: All right, no worries. And I see that you have your recorder in the meeting, so if you'd like to share this with him, you're more than welcome. Okay. Okay, great. So I did see your notes. When you filled out the request for a demo, you gave me a quick highlight what you guys are looking for as far as AR and some billing options. Typically I like to start these calls with a little bit of background on your company, what you guys currently do and why you booked the meeting, what you're looking to accomplish specifically. Okay. Customize the demo just based on what you guys are looking to accomplish.
Darren Nye: Alrighty. So today our ERP system is Epicore Profit 21. And we have an interface to our website automain.com and about 80% of our purchases come in through our website. And it's all B2B with heavy duty tractor trailer components. And it's all invoiced today. But we're running two different parallel projects. One is to simply allow people to pay with a credit card on the web, but it doesn't have any kind of AR type tracking and it's just to pay with credit card right now or ACH through I Forget the Gateway authorized.net and then we decided to look at more complicated systems that have more features for AR tracking of invoicing and who's paying what, what notices are going out to remind people, that sort of thing. So we looked at Bill Trust. We looked at Epicor's own tool which is basically Lockstep with a. It's a white label product that they have and several other people that are running similar tools. And we were getting pretty close to possibly using Epicors, which is Lockstep. And they only work with some vendors for processing ACH and processing credit cards. And the processing the credit cards is always going to be a slight issue because we want to charge a surcharge which is illegal in certain states. And they have a relationship with some vendors who will properly handle the surcharging. But they're ACH fees were really high, but we've since had those lowered by, through negotiation. But in the process of researching all this, we start to look at other vendors. Even if they're not compatible with Epicor's product, we may consider another product moving forward. Like PNC has their own product, but they also have their own payment processing solutions. So I just started to look around for companies I can do ACH for an affordable price. And that's how I found nickel.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Darren Nye: And I, I don't know anything else about you other than you must have good search tools to let people find you.
Jacob Greenberg: For that reason we, we've gotten very popular in the past year and a half because my motto for nickel that I like to say it hasn't been fully adopted at the company yet, but I think we're moving there is don't get nickel and dimes to death, just get nickel dot com. And I think the big thing here is that a lot of places are having really high ACH surcharging fees, high credit card processing. It's complicated for them to be able to figure out which states they're allowed to do surcharging and on the ability to Automate that and we take care of all that for you. So we're compliant in all of the states for passing credit card costs onto the customer instead of being absorbed by the business itself. And at this stage, on our free and $35 a month solution, we do have free ACH, unlimited ACH. We have three pricing plans that I'll get into later. One will include custom integrations into systems like Epicor. So that is a slightly longer conversation because it's based on your erp, it's not completely out of the box. Right.
Darren Nye: And by the way, there's multiple different ERP systems with Epicor. So ours specifically is Prophet 21.
Jacob Greenberg: Right, right. Okay, sounds good. So you said that you guys are. You're approaching two different projects right now, and I just want to make sure we compartmentalize and address them correctly. One is allowing people to pay with credit card and ACH on the website, which you don't currently do or you are currently doing through authorized.
Darren Nye: We have almost everything in place, but we have not launched it live because we created our own, our own API to have to think about exactly what they did. They have a contract with worldpay for processing the credit cards and we're going to use authorized.net for ACH. And the problem we were having is getting the records back into P21 once the transaction was authorized and also keeping track of those surcharges separately and how to handle all that.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Darren Nye: I can't tell you much more about it because I'm not in the accounting department and it's complicated to me.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Darren Nye: But that's a high level of what they were looking to do.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And so that's the first project. And the second project is looking for a more kind of detailed AR tracking system.
Darren Nye: Exactly right. Once we started looking at this, we thought, gee, these systems are pretty nice of what they allow the AR team to see as opposed to just letting the customers pay their bill online.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. So I guess my, my curiosity here is what is the timeline on one project versus the other? Like, does one have a priority? And then what is the volume that you guys are processing through Unique, like AR tracking sent invoices versus online. And these are two separate things you want to pursue. It's not going to be like, hey, maybe we're going to do all invoicing and instead of the website, you want to do both of them. Correct.
Darren Nye: Yeah. Sahil, what was the numbers we saw yesterday? Right now, you know, we don't do a lot because anybody who pays by Credit card or pay by. We get a lot of wire transfers. There's not a lot because we don't push that option. Sahil, you're. Can you tell us what the numbers? Like 350,000 or something just on credit.
sapatel: Cards we have an estimate of around like 350k per month. Around 150 transactions on credit cards totaling that. And ACH, we process around 40,000 invoices per month all in house.
Darren Nye: But is that ACH or check?
Jacob Greenberg: Check.
Darren Nye: 40,000. Check, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: You guys are processing 40,000?
Darren Nye: Yes. So that's why we start to look at this project like we gotta, we gotta streamline this and not have all this paper processing.
Jacob Greenberg: And so for those two numbers, the 350k through 150 transactions and credit cards and 40,000 individual checks on a monthly basis. That is all going into bucket two, which is like looking for a more detailed AR tracking system.
Darren Nye: Right.
Jacob Greenberg: Isn't the website alone correct?
Darren Nye: It's really the lowering the demands of processing 40,000 checks. Why we start to look at a complete AR system. The website project was launched first just to offer convenience to the customer to allow them to pay by credit card. But then we had this other parallel product that we started because we have a new controller and she's interested in streamlining AR also.
Jacob Greenberg: And can you walk me through the 40,000 checks in a month is a very high volume so it must be a pretty time consuming process. Can you just walk me through like the current operational process of what it is to do those. You have individual people processing?
Darren Nye: Yeah, all I can tell you because I'm not involved with them, but I can tell you there's probably a group of three people maybe that handle all those checks. They have a little scanner here that they use to scan the check. And then I guess somehow it gets into P21. I don't know if it's imported or if they type all that stuff in.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, got it. Okay. And so is that like the full responsibility is like.
Darren Nye: Yeah, there's like. I think there's three people that do just that. I don't know if. I don't think nickel is a complete AR system. I'd look at you as just a payment processor focusing on ach.
Jacob Greenberg: We're both, we're actually built out as an AR system. So I will give you a quick high level background as we approach our 20 minute mark here and I'll let you know a little bit about nickel. I'm going to ask a couple more questions so I could better customize this Demo for you. But the origin of Nickel we started. Our founder was the director of innovation at Stanley, Black and Decker and he noticed that in the construction and contracting and built world industries there's a serious cash flow problem with these companies. So it's primarily because they're very check heavy businesses and you know, you finish up one job, you're waiting to get paid and then you need to start another job and that cash flow. So you wanted to build a solution that made it easy for companies to be able to accept any type of payment method from their customers, whether it's check, ach, wire, credit card, etc, without impacting the bottom line of the company offering those payment options so that they don't have any fees, but also so that it doesn't impact the time, most importantly that it takes for those to be received and to settle. So that's how we develop nickel as a fully fledged ARAP solution. What we were able to discover is that a lot of the technology built for payment processors today is built on outdated rails. So the technology is actually relatively outdated. It's just hard to transition such a large user base very quickly. So we actually built some new technology that makes it easier to settle these. And in the process we were able to find that we can actually offer free ACH to our customers at pretty limited cost to ourselves. And our revenue stream comes from when people do use credit card. So when people elect to use credit card, which we find is between 17 to 22% of the time based on the industry that our customers are in, we get to keep that 2.99% and that enables us to be able to offer unlimited free ach. So that's kind of our business model here. We do AR and AP as well as the payment processing. Okay.
Darren Nye: So people probably want to see a demo of that ARAP and what you offer and you probably don't have any profit. 21 customers right now.
Jacob Greenberg: I don't believe we have P21 customers. What we, we are aware of P21, it is pretty popular in the industry. But I'll show you our pricing plans just off the bat. Let me share my screen here. Can you guys share my. See my screen? Yep. So we have some out of the box solutions which you're going to see a demo of right now. Nickel Core is free to use. So do you guys typically accept transactions underneath $25,000 per transaction? Got it. What is the typical transaction that you guys are, are receiving?
Darren Nye: I don't know if this is a typical. I mean it could go from 5,000 to 100,000 or more.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha.
sapatel: Are you talking about ATH or credit card?
Darren Nye: I think it means any transaction.
sapatel: Yeah, because I know on average credit cards is 3,000.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. So credit card on average is 3,000 and then ACH or check is between 5 and 100,000. So it varies pretty big. Is that accurate? Yeah. Okay, great. So you guys would be looking at Nickel plus for an out of the box solution that doesn't have a custom integration. And if you, if your team is processing this many checks manually and then manually entering them into Epicor or just uploading a form into Epicor, you'll be able to use Nickel plus for that. We have a very easy CSV download systems that you could just import it into Epicor. It's $35 a month. You're able to compliantly pass a 2.9% surcharge onto your customers. It's unlimited free ACH, two day business turnaround for ACH, next day turnaround for credit card. You're able to do all the features that we have like scheduling payments in advance, setting recurring payments if you want. Probably more features than will be required for you guys, but whatever your requirements are, we'll be able to satisfy that. And I'll show you that today in our demo. Nickel Pro. This is for customers that have a unique ERP or CRM solution that they want to have an API or AI agentic build.
Darren Nye: By the way, before you keep going, what's the sticker of that? Passing the charge onto the customer, the assert charges. I don't really understand it all myself, but they wanted the ability to track that separately.
Jacob Greenberg: Yep.
Darren Nye: And back into the ERP system. Right.
Jacob Greenberg: I'll show you what it looks like here. This is actually a problem that people come to us all the time with. We want to pass this cost on to the customer. So we're going to adjust our invoice to account for that percentage and then we need to keep track of it. Okay. We actually take care of all that for you. So I'll show you in the demo. But you just need to invoice your customers exactly what they owe. We automatically present to them the option to pay ACH for free or credit card with 2.9%.
Darren Nye: The other thing they're going to want to see is like before we do business with the company, they would want to know, how are you, who are you, who are you transacting with? How are you going to ensure that we're going to get our money? That sort of thing.
Jacob Greenberg: Say that one More time.
Darren Nye: I'm sorry, if before they would do business with a company like that they're not familiar with, they would want to see, well, like, who are you? How. How are you controlling the money? Or how are you going to ensure that they're going to get their money in the two business days and that sort of thing.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. I'll show you all the walkthroughs and all the things that they'll be able to see and visualize. Yep. But before I hop into that, I just want to cover Nickel Pro, because you guys do have Epicor P21, and if you did want to build an integration, we have the ability to do it. This is going to be a slightly longer conversation. Exactly what you want. Essentially, if we did want to follow this route, we'd have another call to have a conversation about exactly the information you want to pass back and forth between the two solutions, how you want it to sync. And we've actually found that APIs are slightly inefficient and outdated. Today we can do APIs. We've been doing more AI agentic or webhook syncs. It's essentially the exact same thing. Same information gets passed between point A and B, but it's a quicker time to develop. And it's slightly higher security because it doesn't provide unlimited access to both solutions. It just takes the specific information and pings it over to the other one.
Darren Nye: Okay, we've got some webhooks before.
Jacob Greenberg: Great. Yeah. So we're able to do that as well. That just requires one more conversation to talk about exactly what you guys are looking for. We'll figure out a timeline for our side. I'll bring a developer onto the following call to discuss details if you do want to proceed with that. Okay. There is a world in which I think you might be able to start with Nickel plus, though, just to get going and supplement the manual process of doing the checks at this point. Okay, I'm going to get my demo environment loaded here. Give me one second. Now, just so we're clear on our understanding, if. If there was an ability for us to very quickly and easily solve for bucket 2, which is the more detailed AR tracking solution, and not solve for bucket 1 with the same solution. Is that something you're willing to evaluate or you're only evaluating solutions that solve for both simultaneously?
Darren Nye: What our controller would like. She likes the idea of having one company handle everything, mostly from a payment processing standpoint, but I don't know how that translates to who you use for your credit Card processing and how that relates to what she's looking for, because I'm not an accounting.
Jacob Greenberg: Got it. And then do you know for worldpay what your current rates are and how much you're processing through them a month?
Darren Nye: We're not really processing anything through them per month, but I can tell you we opted for what I'm looking for. The agreement right now. It's not a flat rate. It's. Here it is.
Jacob Greenberg: It is.
Darren Nye: Interchange plus pricing. So it's the interchange price plus. I believe it's their flat percentage on top of that.
Jacob Greenberg: Do you know what their percentage is in addition to interchange point four. Okay. So you'll be looking at at minimum 2.4%, I'd imagine at maximum, like closer to 3% depending on the card type, so. Correct. Yeah, yeah. So. And do they have a per transaction fee as well as Interchange? Usually they'll have like a 20 cent or a 15 cent fee.
Darren Nye: I believe they took that off for us.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. And then for authorize.net do you know what the cost is? I know you said it was pretty high and you renegotiated a little bit.
Darren Nye: We know we negotiated for WorldPay, not for Authorized.net. so I just remember trying to figure out what Authorized.net's rates were and they seemed high, but we haven't really done anything with them. And then we were looking at. Who's the company you just talked to yesterday? Sahil.
sapatel: Just for the. What is it called for this Fortis pay, I think.
Darren Nye: But were they the pro, the ACH processor or were they transacting it through another processor?
sapatel: No, I believe they were.
Darren Nye: Okay, so that was the one that is. They wanted 25 cents per ach, but I'm sure we could get that reduced also.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. And then I understand you guys are processing $350,000 a month in credit cards. 40,000 unique checks per per month. For bucket 2. The more custom AR tracking solution you're looking to solve for on your website. How much are you guys processing in a given month?
Darren Nye: I don't know. You mean for credit cards? Because we don't process any credit cards right now.
Jacob Greenberg: For just the transactions you currently have.
Darren Nye: On your website, it's 80% of the sales. That's all I could tell you.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Okay.
Darren Nye: So if it's 40,000 per month, that's roughly 80. 80% of that would come through the website.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Okay, great. So as far as your detailed AR system goes, I'm going to show you a solution. You could solve for that today also. Talk about potentially building out a P21 integration for you guys. I think that we'd be able to save you a tremendous amount of time and money as well on that front. In the follow up conversation, if you would like to discuss an epicore integration, we can discuss potentially doing operations for your WE website as well. That is also slightly more custom and comes with a slightly longer build out just to make sure it's running smoothly. But it's not something that we haven't done before. It just is something that comes in the pro version. It takes a little bit more time to speak to them. All right, let me get this demo environment loaded for you. Can you see my screen here, guys? Yep. So this is inside the Nipple platform we're going to start with. This is the summary page of a high level view of your most recent transactions. And then in your transactions here, you're going to be able to see all the transactions that you guys have currently had. So some people use nickel essentially just to manage their cash flow. And then they'll have like an Epicor or QuickBooks or an accounting solution for the source of truth for account. But this will be where the cash flow lives. So they'll be able to see the date, the amount, where the money's coming from going to the status of that transaction. Okay. You're also able to pop in here and if you wanted to click reconciled or flagged, you're able to do that to make sure that has been reconciled inside your banking system and you're keeping track of that in your cash flow management system.
sapatel: We also have a question. Is there like only a certain. Do you guys work with like all the major banks?
Jacob Greenberg: Yes.
sapatel: There any?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
sapatel: How about Habib Bank? Have you guys ever had any integrations with them?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. Hab.
sapatel: Hab Bank.
Jacob Greenberg: Is that where you guys do your banking? Yeah. And where is it located?
sapatel: In New. I think the headquarters is in New York.
Jacob Greenberg: As long as the banks are based in America, we're able to support it. Go. Yeah. So this is a good question though. So from here what we'll do is we do have companies come to us quite often and say, hey, we'd like to do an integration with our unique ERP system. So we, we can build that out. For those that don't want to go through the process of building that out, they will just download a transaction report either on a daily, weekly or monthly basis and import it into their erp. So right now it seems like your guys are getting 40,000 individual checks a month. They're manually processing Each individual check and they're going into the ERP and either importing a report or manually entering it. This can easily surpass that by just clicking CSV Download and importing it into your system. The next step would be building the integration so that it's automated for you. So you have two options here, but the first one is out of the box, easy to use and will save you guys that 480 hours a month that you guys are spending on manually inputting checks and processing them.
Darren Nye: Assuming that they all convert to ACH or something.
Jacob Greenberg: Exactly, yeah. We are also working on a digital check deposit tool so people can take a photo of a check and it'll essentially send you guys the money and have it be deposited.
Darren Nye: We had, we had this conversation yesterday that summer customers probably like checks because you know, it also gives them one to two week period where they can say yeah, we sent the check, right, but they can still profit from the money.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
Darren Nye: So they might be more apt to convert to credit card for the for similar reasons than ach, but who knows?
Jacob Greenberg: I think that's nail on the head there, Darren. We see that a lot. We work with a lot of companies that are hesitant to offer credit card or were hesitant to offer credit card because they didn't want to incur the fees. But once they're able to finally pass those fees on to their customers, this giant spike in people using credit cards just because it provides their customers a cash flow advantage. Right, like you get to pay off over time and at this point like most businesses have a 2 to 3% cash back rewards program that nullifies that additional fee. So essentially this is where all your transactions will live. It's incredibly easy to organize and track and you can filter by payment type, customer invoice, number, date, etc. And then you have two other tabs here. One is the get paid tab and then one is the bill pay tab. So you'll be living out of AR for get paid and living out of bill pay offer apart. Now if you do, if you do create an invoice, you can create one within nickel. If you did want to create a custom 2 way API or webhook etc with Epicor, you would just create the invoices currently in. Is that how you guys do it right now you create invoices in Epicor to send them out?
Darren Nye: We create them in Epicor and some go out through the mail and some go out through email and some go out through edi and we also allow the customer to go on the website and There's a direct integration from the website to P21's database to display their current invoice history.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Okay, great. So I'm going to show you what it looks like to generate an invoice within. Within Nickel so that you guys are centralizing all those ways in which you're sending out those invoices. So it's easy to track. You're also able to, if you did do the integration, it will automatically push to nickel and you'll be able to send it out all from one place to keep track of everything. This is just a little Easter egg. Some people decide to use it, some people don't. I'm going to show you what it looks like because it's quick. Once you sign up for nickel, you automatically get access to this payment portal here and you can customize this payment portal so it accepts unique, unique payment. Right.
Darren Nye: So for example, that was one unique thing that we were looking at from all the other providers is the payment portal for the customer and how things are handled in the portal for the customer.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, so this is, it's kind of a catch all generic portal. I was just working with these guys recently to set up theirs. So, you know, you customize it with your branding and your logo and then, you know, they put in this custom field so they have the account number, company name and remittance instructions. But you'll be able to fill this form out, customize to whatever information you want to capture.
Darren Nye: So today you don't have anything that lists all the invoices that customers have and lets them that will be visible.
Jacob Greenberg: If you send out an individual invoice. So this is more of a generic catch all payments tab on the website. Okay. But I'll show you what that looks like right now if you send out individual invoices. So I'm just going to go ahead and create one manually here. I'll type in automan demo and add them as a new customer. I'm going to add my email here when you guys get going. What we can do is if you decide to not do the full integration, we can manually import on your behalf all of the vendors or customers that you do work with. If you want to store that information for historic transaction records sake, we can do that. Or if you guys do decide to build out the integration, it will automatically push by the time you enter the platform. For now, I'm just going to manually enter it. Do you guys typically do invoice numbers or invoice purposes numbers? So I'll do an Invoice number here. Our, our transaction limits are unlimited. So you guys can do a hundred thousand or a million dollars in an individual invoice and it settles on a one to one ratio with your bank. So a lot of payment processors will do what's called batch processing and that's because they have outdated Rails. So if you get a hundred thousand dollar invoice, it might settle as 10, $10,000 voices or deposits in your bank. Ours is one to one because it makes it easier for bookkeeping and because our technology enables us to do it. Now you have the ability to choose a one time or recurring invoice. I'm assuming you guys do mostly one time invoices, correct?
Darren Nye: As far as I know, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. And then what is your typical net terms? Is it 30 day 60? So you'll be able to set that here and you could set this as a universal default option or do it for each individual invoice if you want. So we'll set the invoice date when it's created and the due date when it's due. Any notes for customers can go here.
Darren Nye: But these invoices like Today, they're automatically created in P21. There should be a way to push all that info to this system. That's what the other systems do.
Jacob Greenberg: So if you do want to build the integration, we'll be able to automatically push it.
Darren Nye: Okay, gotcha.
Jacob Greenberg: If you want to proceed with just this, you could create them individually and send them out.
sapatel: I don't think at our scale this.
Darren Nye: Would work like it has to be a custom integration.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, gotcha. So let's from here on out we'll talk about the custom integration slide. If you do build a custom integration, everything will automatically push into Nickel and push back into Epicor for you. You're able to upload any additional documents. If you do push from Epicor, the line item PDF invoice that's generated within that system will automatically be attached to this invoice and into this portal. Before I create this invoice, I'm just going to show you that you do have the ability to disable credit card payments. Pretty much everyone that uses nickel keeps credit cards enabled. Some people do allow the customer to edit the payment amount. So this enables the customer to for certain jobs, pay deposits on them. But for most people, they'll potentially choose to pay. If it is a large bill, 100,000 pay half in credit card, half in ACH, et cetera. You also do have the ability to customize the fees. So if you do have specific customers that you like to work with. You can choose to share the fee with them. Most people put the whole fee on the customer because they have the option to pay for free if they want to. Now I'm creating this invoice just to show you what the portal will look like and what it looks like to receive the email for the invoice. If you do have the customer information on file, you're able to just schedule and automate that charge. And we have a really sleek workflow for accepting customer information in advance and getting that authorization letter so that you can auto charge them for today. I'm just going to walk through what it looks like to send this out. So I sent that invoice and we'll see that it populates right here on this line. We'll see all the information relevant invoice, the customer name, the status is active, when it's due, the amount, how much has been paid. And I'm able to send a reminder just by clicking Send Reminder. Once it gets paid, it's going to move into the Paid tab here for tracking. And this is the email that will be received. This will have your company name, so it'll say automobile. The invoice number, it'll have your logo and your company name. If you click that button, it'll go to your website, say you have a payment request. The individual sending it or the company name requested a payment. Any attachments like line item invoices will be included and a high level look at the bill number, who it's coming from and any specific notes. When they click into it, they'll be able to see the transaction. Now if this customer has transacted with you previously below, the payment amount right here will populate all of their historic transactions and they'll be able to click into any previous transaction they have. It'll also indicate whether or not it has been paid so that they have the ability to pay outstanding bills if they need to.
Darren Nye: So when you do, you have an option to let them actually see the full invoice contents. Like these are all the items quantities?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, absolutely. So if you did that they would be populated here beneath the Notes tab. So if you. So for example, customers that sync with QuickBooks or sync with another ERP system or accounting system will populate line items. Those will populate here beneath the notes, the individual line items and the PDF document will contain a download of all of those line items.
Darren Nye: So they got just a couple things off the top of my head like the tools we have been Looking at the AR tools were, some of them were very feature rich, like you could set up scheduled reminders instead of having to push a button. A lot of automation was available for reminding customers to pay their bills. And when I look at this from the customer standpoint, you know, today I can see sort of this going two ways. Like on our website today is total integration with P21 so they can see all their invoices. But there could be something where we could use that front end from our website to let them view invoices and then simply have a smaller integration to nickel to let them pay for it or something like that. I'm not sure. We'd have to really talk to somebody more technical and figure out what, what we could do.
Jacob Greenberg: Correct. So one thing here is that there's a couple ways you can approach this. And really nickel gives you the ability to like customize this process to. However it really works for you guys. But for example, all of these invoices like this one, they have their unique domain link and from within will have historic transactions with that individual customer. So since I created Ottoman as a new customer today, there aren't any previous transactions. If we had previous transactions, they would generate here beneath the payment amount. So they'd be able to hold on to this unique link and it would essentially give them access to their individual customer portal and you could embed that on a customer by customer basis.
Darren Nye: So some of the other vendors were also, they had the ability to integrate with our website login to do single sign on to their site for the customer portal. And some of them would also send tokenized emails where they wouldn't need a login. But it was somehow more secure to send the link to each individual customer. So it might be similar to what you're doing today. I don't know.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, the second one seems more like in line with what we're doing where you're. They're able to have their own individual link for the. So if I come into here, there's.
Darren Nye: No, there's no login available to this. Right. But all they're doing is paying the bills.
Jacob Greenberg: Right. But they do have their own individual link which you can access at any point to see all their previous transactions. So for example, you could come into here and on the customer tab you'll be able to see all the transactions that they've had. You could create an invoice for them and generate a link for them to be able to upload their information or to pay those invoices. And that link specific to that customer.
Darren Nye: That's probably a slight security issue because if you have somebody who wants to see what kind of invoices somebody's paying, they could probably guess at the URL to do that, but I don't know.
Jacob Greenberg: Well, the URLs are actually randomly generated, so it's not going to be like that customer's name.
Darren Nye: But the generated once for that customer.
Jacob Greenberg: Right.
Darren Nye: They don't always change every time they want to access the portal.
Jacob Greenberg: Each new invoice will have its own domain here.
Darren Nye: Okay, got it.
Jacob Greenberg: Won't be able to access unique customer information either. So if someone comes in here, they won't see their bank information, they won't see their card information. All they'll see is that someone wanted them to pay a certain amount on a certain.
Darren Nye: Okay, so that's a little better.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. And we are PCI compliant, SOC 2 compliant. We call it industrial strength security. Our ability to be able to offer free ACH is also very much. And quick settlement times and larger transactions is very much because we have a higher security than most other payment processors who might hold larger transactions for five to six days at a time.
Darren Nye: One other question for you. Have you ever, you're sort of in sales, right?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Darren Nye: Have you ever sat through a demo posing as a potential customer for somebody like Build Trust or PNC bank or Lockstep or anything like that?
Jacob Greenberg: So have I ever had a demo with someone from one of those?
Darren Nye: Yeah, because then you could see all the AR tools that you are competing against.
Jacob Greenberg: I, I have not pretended to be another customer and saw other people's AR solutions.
Darren Nye: Yeah. So it's, it's harder for us to describe what they, what, what we're looking at without, without you having that kind of a background.
Jacob Greenberg: You know, I have seen inside Melio and I have seen inside bill.com and all that stuff before. I just haven't like requested a demo and pretended to be a company. Right, okay. But yeah, no, I'm familiar with those tools. I'm familiar where, with, where they stack with nickel. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Is there anything off the top of your head about what I've demonstrated? I know this, these are the nuts and bolts and I haven't gotten into too much detail yet, but.
Darren Nye: I think that what really needs a conversation with somebody to talk about what a custom integration would look like and what the options would be for us to offer either a more complete invoicing interface for the customer or somehow integrate with what we have on our website just, and just use it for payment processing or Something like that.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, got it. And then for this project, both projects, the integration with the website and then the fully fledged out integration with P21. Do you have a timeline and a budget that I should inform my dev team before setting the next meeting? Nope. Like what is the sense of urgency for completing the project? Is it by the end of next year? Is it by the end of this year?
Darren Nye: I'd say within the next six months. It's not, it's not totally urgent.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay.
Darren Nye: But I mean, we've been in business for how long? Since 20 years. And it's only now being like, this is something we got to get taken care of.
Jacob Greenberg: Right. Okay, great. So this is how you would send out these individual invoices. It does come in that portal. It does make it easier to track. It looks like the one thing you're really looking, looking for is that automatic integration. If you got started today doing this just for checks to transition people over to ach, you'd probably be able to transition a ton of the time manually tracking and putting in checks. Right.
Darren Nye: And that's what the controller is going to want to understand. And she'll probably look at this and think, gee, there aren't as many tools available for this as what else we've looked at. But the fact that you can do things for a lot of less is probably an interesting thing.
Jacob Greenberg: Also, what are the tools that you would need to have that you haven't seen yet? Because there are some showing you.
Darren Nye: Sahil, what I would do is send him a list of core features that we're looking at from the other, other companies that you have in your spreadsheet.
sapatel: Yeah, sounds good.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. And if you could highlight for me like what are the priorities for you to implement? I'll make sure to address that. Okay. Yeah, but I mean off the bat, if it is about credit cards, we can save you, it looks like at minimum like $10,000 monthly in those fees. The 40,000 checks per month will be able to help automate that process as well and track it much easier without incurring any fees whatsoever. No 20 cent fee here or there, no ACH fees, just making it much easier to manage and organize. And we could talk about the build out for the epicor after you guys send me some additional information and I could schedule some time for a follow up with my development team.
Darren Nye: And you're saying that you charge a flat 2.9% to the customer, right?
Jacob Greenberg: Correct. Yep.
Darren Nye: And then you. That's how you make your money is the difference between what you're actually paying the credit card processors versus what you're able to take in.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. So we actually. We work directly with a bank to process this. So we're able to keep the 2.9ft in its entirety. Wow. Yeah.
Darren Nye: How is that possible?
Jacob Greenberg: That's how we're able to offer.
Darren Nye: Okay, good for you guys.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. All right.
Darren Nye: I don't have any other questions for now but we should schedule the next meeting.
sapatel: I'll send you the.
Jacob Greenberg: The highlighted it.
Darren Nye: Take a. Yeah. Take a look at the list that Sahil's going to give you and then maybe depending on that list you might want to invite certain people and I'll.
Jacob Greenberg: Probably have a develop. I'll probably have a leader on the development team join on the next meeting.
Darren Nye: Okay.
Jacob Greenberg: Talk about some technical requirements. So roughly a six month timeline. You've been looking at some other solutions to build out. I know that you guys are using Epicor already, so. Yeah, I know. You said you evaluated another epicore solution for payment processing. Yeah. Would you say that that one's like the one that impressed you the most or would be the easiest implementation or like.
Darren Nye: It is and that had a lot of AR tools that would help the entire process. I don't know what they are off the top of my head because they just seem to be important to Anandi the controller. But that would be in Sahil's list. There's probably only about 1015 on that list that are of interest.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha.
Darren Nye: And if they're not on other tools.
Jacob Greenberg: Would be that could support. That would better support you guys that we don't currently offer. I'm pretty sure that we'll be able to accomplish like everything on the AR side. We've really built out to spec for like 99% of the industries that we work with. Okay.
Darren Nye: And it doesn't have to be have everything but it's nice to have some of them. You know.
Jacob Greenberg: Of course.
Darren Nye: Especially if you do. Especially if you can do all this for basically not an expense for Automat.
Jacob Greenberg: So if we do move forward with the automated integration that will come with an implementation fee to build out that. So there will be a cost for that. It'll be like a one time upfront cost or we offer it on a monthly basis for like up to a year. But then once it's built out, it's built out and then we could partner with you guys and offer the rates. That we'll offer permanently.
Darren Nye: Have you guys ever worked with SAP?
Jacob Greenberg: We haven't built anything for SAP. Okay. Yeah. Do you guys.
Darren Nye: No, we Were looking at SAP for Hana, the cloud version, possibly replacing it down the road, but we haven't quite got there yet. That's a big product.
Jacob Greenberg: Big. Yeah, that's a big project.
Darren Nye: Now, if you work with any Epicor customers, even if they're not P21 and they're willing to talk to us, that might be helpful, or another customer that has worked with the. That uses a larger ERP system just to be able to talk to them, see what they think.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, we have really complex stacks that I'm happy to pass over and.
Darren Nye: Okay, can I send you a draft NDA that you can take a look at?
Jacob Greenberg: Absolutely. Okay. Okay, great. So after this call, go ahead and send me the things that you saw in the other solutions that you thought were important or the priorities for, like the requirements to be able to select a new AR solution. We'll take a look at that. Let's see if we could scope some timeout today to secure time on our calendars for our follow up call that I'll invite my dev to and you can send me the NDA as well after this call. Okay. I'm just going to take a quick look at my calendar here and see if we can set a sync. It'll probably take us about a week to review everything and make sure that we have a comprehensive package to offer you guys by the next time we have a conversation. So I'm thinking the second week of October might work well. Okay. I'm looking to see if I have some crossover ability. How would. You guys are on east coast time? Correct. Where are you guys located?
Darren Nye: Jersey.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. All right, we're over in Brooklyn, New York. So. Okay. I have availability Wednesday afternoon and so does one of my dev team members here. So Wednesday the 8th, anytime between 2 and 4pm is open.
Darren Nye: Wednesday the 8th is currently open for Anati and I at 2pm okay.
Jacob Greenberg: I'll. Send out that invite now. All right, I just sent it out. If. Okay, I just added both of you guys to the invite. If you could go ahead and accept that meeting, it'll prevent anybody from double booking my calendar at that time. Okay, awesome. It was great to meet you. Thanks for letting me go a little bit over here, but I'm looking forward to our next conversation. Go ahead and send me the NDA, the spec requirements that you'd like to learn more about for nickel, and I'll connect internally and Talk about an Epicorp 21 integration and see what it would look like for you guys. All right, perfect. All right, cool. All right, Have a good week, and I'll talk to you next week. All right?
Darren Nye: Bye.
Jacob Greenberg: Bye. 45.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4105452.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251022%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251022T195621Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
