---
title: Zak / C/J
date: '2025-10-23'
time: '14:30:19'
duration_sec: 1774.45
duration_min: 29.6
participants:
- Zak George <zak@getnickel.com>
- Jacob Greenberg <jacob@getnickel.com>
- Christian Sheerer <christian@getnickel.com>
source: Circleback
meeting_number: 165
---

Zak George: Hey, Jacob, what is it you wanted me to do again? The reporting thing?
Jacob Greenberg: Hey, Zak, how's it going? Good. Yeah, I just wanted to see your list of the meetings that you've booked in.
Zak George: Yeah, I'll send you the, if it's the list you're asking for, it's this one. This is where I usually document everything.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Sweet. I'm going to bookmark this so that I don't ask you for it again. Sorry about that. Good. Okay. And the date is the date the meeting was set and the date column, was that correct?
Zak George: It's not always that accurate. Sometimes when I'm in a rush, I either hit the date of the day I made the call or I hit the date of the appointment book. So it's kind of like a gut feeling type of thing.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. So far back, right now, how many meetings you've had held this month? Is there a way that you're tracking it right now?
Zak George: No, I just like every two weeks, I'm like, okay, I have four. It's easy to track because it's like, it's not like 10 or 20.
Jacob Greenberg: It's just, you know, you just know off the top of your head, pretty much.
Zak George: Yeah. Like, I know right now I have one. It's Kim from last week.
Jacob Greenberg: That's the only meeting held you have this month?
Zak George: Yeah. This month?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Zak George: No. Right.
Jacob Greenberg: This week.
Zak George: Oh, this week. This week, none.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. And then this month, how many? Because I'm going to, I want to run a report. I just want to make sure that it seems accurate with you once I run the report. Like, I don't want to get, you know, HubSpot sometimes is incorrect. I just want to make sure we're accurate.
Zak George: Okay. So I'm going to count them all, I guess. One second.
Jacob Greenberg: Cool. I'll run the report right now and then we could combine them and see if it's making sense.
Zak George: One. That's about five, I guess, this month. Five held, yeah. But appointments booked is 345-6788. Eight booked. Eight booked, five held.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. Let me see if I could create a report right now so that represents that and it will be easier for you to track in the future. How's everything else going in the meantime while I work on this?
Zak George: Been a slow week.
Jacob Greenberg: Slow week.
Zak George: And you? Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: It's been, you know, today I'm pretty jam-packed. Tomorrow I have one or two big meetings. It's been on and off, but I think generally pretty all right.
Zak George: Cool.
Jacob Greenberg: We were at a conference like a week and a half ago and it was just a lot, so.
Zak George: Yeah, I'm aware.
Jacob Greenberg: Well, we went to Nashville.
Zak George: In that's in Tennessee, right?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. For a convention about building closets. It was a closet convention. It was very funny.
Zak George: Building closets, like wooden closets?
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, like everybody there is an installer of closets or a vendor of materials needed to build closets. The whole convention was about closets.
Zak George: What'd you find most interesting in that convention?
Jacob Greenberg: I think it was just interesting how small and tight-knit that world is. Generally, I didn't expect that to be such a community of people. I thought different people would just have their own businesses and find their own sources. I didn't realize that everyone that made closets in America came together to have a conversation about it. So I think that was pretty enlightening. But yeah, most people are doing what we expect. They're using QuickBooks Pay or they're using some third party merchant processor and they're paying out the wazoo for credit card fees and pretty easy fit for a lot of businesses, I think.
Zak George: Okay, cool.
Jacob Greenberg: Let's see, I'm going to customize this report. So SDR owner is Zak. And I'm going to put time in current stage. Update existing report. Okay, one second. I'll share my screen with you while I'm doing this so you know what I'm up to.
Zak George: Sure.
Jacob Greenberg: So this should just be like the full graph. I'm gonna make a dashboard for you, so I'll have a couple different reports and then we could pull, like it'll pull numbers and I'll just have a big number on the top of how many you had closed. Right now, this will show you all of your deals, what stage they're currently in, and the stage they entered certain stages. So if they did complete their demo, There should be a date here. Now we can update this. And we will also do, let's see.
Zak George: Come on, brother.
Jacob Greenberg: Deal stage. Deal name. How am I gonna do this with the weird fields we have in HubSpot? Alright, so all that deals by stage. Hey Zak, sorry my computer just restarted for some reason.
Zak George: That's fine.
Jacob Greenberg: Makes me a little nervous for my next meeting, but alright, I'll share my screen with you again.
Zak George: I rebooked Mary, by the way.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, nice.
Zak George: That's for Thursday next week.
Jacob Greenberg: Perfect, dude. Well done.
Zak George: But I forgot to use the magic word commit.
Jacob Greenberg: Gotcha. Well, fingers crossed, it does. You could always use it on a check-in call sometime in the middle of the week next week if you wanted to. Okay, so these should be all the deals you created this month. I have six in here. And you said you created eight. So let's make sure that we have those all tagged. I have controller bookkeeper services, a stemmer, Walt home.
Zak George: Wait, let me cross. Check. Can you just tell me the names of the people? Because I'm looking at, I'm literally just looking at my calendar here.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. You want the people who attended?
Zak George: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Zak George: I mean, yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Let me get that.
Zak George: Actually, their emails have their domains. Yeah, sure. You can just tell me the, The company name that works.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. Oh, maybe this is just for deals that are. No, I have controller and bookkeeper services.
Zak George: One sec. Controller and Bookkeeper Services. Who would that be? One sec. I'm opening each one of them now. That guy's fast signs. Five star bass. That's possibly the Mary one, I'm guessing.
Jacob Greenberg: Let's see. Yeah, I think that's Mary.
Zak George: Yeah, but that's actually not the com. Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's Mary. Let's see that.
Jacob Greenberg: I think it might be even better if we do it from just pipeline. Let's see if I could add another filter. SDR owner is Zak and created date. Create date is this month. These are the ones I have. So fast signs.
Zak George: That's Mitesh, I think. Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Gulf Coast aluminum.
Zak George: Hold on. Gulf Coast aluminum. Is that AGC by any chance? No. 1,800 water damage. Nope.
Jacob Greenberg: That is Andrew at Gulf Coast.
Zak George: Oh, Andrew, that's from, yeah. I got it.
Jacob Greenberg: And then this one is Mary. And then Mary is Amanda at S. I've got Amanda. And then five star bath solutions.
Zak George: I have that as well.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. And let's see on Christian's calendar, you have tri-state closets.
Zak George: Yep. That's Tim Moulage.
Jacob Greenberg: And are we missing, that's all I have right here.
Zak George: So that means you probably don't have Jared Williams, five star bath.
Jacob Greenberg: No, I have five star bath.
Zak George: You do? Oh, hold on. Let's see who we're missing here. Esther or Walt. This is not a no show. A bookkeeping esthermorwalt.com. Amanda.
Jacob Greenberg: I have that. Can you see my screen?
Zak George: Wait. No, I can see it. Yep.
Jacob Greenberg: So I have all of these fast signs.
Zak George: So 1-2-3-4-5. I'm just cross checking who are missing here.
Jacob Greenberg: And tristate closets.
Zak George: So 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8. And there's a total of, huh?
Jacob Greenberg: I have these six. So which ones do I need to update?
Zak George: So the 8, the number 8 is total of appointments booked, but the ones that are held so far is 5.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah. I have 6 meetings booked in HubSpot, which means I'm missing 2. So I want to find out which 2 I'm missing so I can update it.
Zak George: Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna. I'm gonna go through them one by one. Tim Milage, Tri-State closets. Mary debonis. That's the. That's probably the book across. What was that name? This one controller keeper.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah.
Zak George: And then Kim jalalian, agc-gm.org and then.
Jacob Greenberg: Don'T have that one marked, so hold on.
Zak George: Let's.
Jacob Greenberg: Thank you.
Zak George: AE in the held, but. That was my only held for this week. I mean last week, sorry. That was the one where you said it was not a perfect fit.
Jacob Greenberg: That wasn't created this month, but it was held this month.
Zak George: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, so I think you have six created this month. Now let's find out how many you have held this month. So, I have 1-2-3-4-5-6 created this month. So I have three demo completes this month for you. Does that sound right?
Zak George: Let me check. Stats, so I'm guessing Kim should not be one of them. Charles is one, Matesh is two, Jared is three, and Andrew is four. It should be four.
Jacob Greenberg: What are those company names?
Zak George: So Andrew's Gulf Coast Aluminum. Jared is five star bath.
Jacob Greenberg: Oh, hold on, let's see. 5 star path.
Zak George: Great.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, you're right. This needs to be updated. There you go. Perfect.
Zak George: That should be it.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay, cool. I don't know why this isn't updating. Sounds good. That was helpful. I'm going to iron this out so the next time we meet, we'll just have to check it and just make sure that it syncs and I don't have to rebuild it. But I think we're going to It's going to be good. Cool. Thanks for taking some time to let me build this out with you. I want to make sure that we have an easy report that you can access. Once I figure this out and make it perfect, I'm going to slack it to you so you can keep track of it. Then you should let me or Christian know if anything's not reflecting the way that it should within that pipeline. Everything else going all right generally? I know this week's been a little slow.
Zak George: Yeah.
Jacob Greenberg: Anything you feel excited about?
Zak George: Say what? Sorry.
Jacob Greenberg: Anything you're feeling good about or excited about?
Zak George: Excited about. Well, we're close to months and I don't think I'm close to like the 15. So, yeah, I guess better luck next time.
Jacob Greenberg: Yeah, let's see what we can do to adjust that to make it easier for you to get closer. And if we need to adjust quotas, we can.
Zak George: So I don't know if you're aware, but Mary is from the accounting list. So I literally went back to the accounting list and redialed everybody there because a lot of the leads in the, what was that name? What was that list's name? The list you gave me, the 3001, a lot of them are from Gen X and like there's like interactions in the past, so I don't feel like it's. I don't know why that's, is that a recycled list or?
Jacob Greenberg: It is not a recycled list. No, there's just going to be, when you have 3000 contacts that are industry specific, we're going to have crossover with what Gen X, like it's just going to happen. We're going to end up reaching out to people that other, no, Gen X is sending out 10,000 emails a day and they've been doing it for three or four months, right? So that's 300,000 people a month. They probably, you know what I mean? So there's like millions of people. There's only so many people that work in different industries in the United States that we're trying to target with certain titles. So we'll definitely be throughout the entire history of the company. We'll be touching people more than one time. Like that will happen.
Zak George: So that's why I'm using an accounting list right now.
Jacob Greenberg: Okay. All right. And you could let them rest, but I wouldn't stress about calling into a list where people have already been put on email marketing. That might be helpful sometimes. I understand that sometimes it might be a, like, you don't want to hit someone who already said no, but it might be helpful, too. Zak, when you, when you. Sorry, I'm so late, guys. But when you do go through a list, do you have notes on when and what the previous interaction was and where are you tracking those?
Zak George: It's in Nooks when you have when a call goes through and someone's speaking to me like in a live call, there's like a section there you'll see the notes and it says Jacob Greenberg and then underneath that is gonna be like a the date and.

---

**Recording:** https://storage.googleapis.com/saved-meeting-recording.prod.circleback.ai/meeting_4528195.mp4?X-Goog-Algorithm=GOOG4-RSA-SHA256&X-Goog-Credential=circleback-ai%40appspot.gserviceaccount.com%2F20251023%2Fauto%2Fstorage%2Fgoog4_request&X-Goog-Date=20251023T150435Z&X-Goog-Expires=86400&X-Goog-SignedHeaders=host&X-Goog-Signature=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
